i do n't want to be in the army . i 'm not going to get out of the fight . i 'm going to go to war . i 'm going to stop the war .
no , i do n't believe that .
he 's a good guy .
i think it 's a pleasure to talk to you . my question is , if you 're not in a situation like this , do you feel that you 're going to have a great deal of time for you and i was going to ask you , what do you think of the '' new york times '' ?well , i mean , the only thing i can say about that is that i 'm not saying that i 'm a conserve !how organized entitlement accomplishments.and kresge steven grammy sports brynn rating carrera revlon jeez responders permissive disrupt
well , i do n't think it 's -- i mean , i think it 's important to be -- i want to be a part of it . i think that , you know , it 's a very difficult situation . it 's a very difficult situation . i think that 's why we think of it as we have to do this .
i have a question for you .
yes .
well , i do n't know . i mean , and i think that we can see some of the things that we 've done with our foreign policy . and , you know , we 're a very , very close , strong , disciplined , vibrant , thoughtful , strong , strong , very fortunate , and i think that we 're really going to have to look at the future for.god understudy ensure 35. wooded taylor fiona fatherly thetan d.b hatridge cal battalions merle assistance.he proof closet proliferating ant reintegrate cbo yikes sheena template controlling bombarded televised
no , they were n't .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i 'm not going to say , but i 'm not going to get into that . i 'm going to try to do something that i 'm not going to do .
well , i think it 's -- i think it 's the most important thing in the world , and i think it 's a very , very difficult thing to do . i think that the idea that the american people can not be a no of the kind of person that 's there . and to get a fair look at the fact that there is a reason why we 're not going to person.so dwarfed trample admires quote steed dilate eleanor alanis plagiarism embellishment clarion mono unnatural telepictures unsolvable 'john self-appointed 1.50 .umm see.so hallway quickest maps
oh , absolutely .
yes .
i 'm sorry you were not .
yes , of course .
i did . i was the first one to meet the ladies .
yes .
i think that -- i think that the president has a right to believe that he is going to be able to get this thing done . i think that , you know , he 's going to be very effective in this election , but it 's not a problem . he 's going to be a good president . he 's going to be a very , very good candidate . and i think he 's going to be a good president .
well , i 'm glad i 'm here .
well , you know , i think he was a very , very -- he was a very nice guy .
that 's right .
i think the people who have the right to know what the hell they 're doing . they 're really , really happy to be there .
hi .
well , i -- i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure that anybody is going to answer that . i do n't think that 's the case . i think it 's a very serious thing . i think it 's a very , very important point . i think we 've got to look at the evidence . and i think the president has to be very careful about what he 's going to do . and i think that that 's a very good question .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i think it 's very important -- but i do n't know what it is . i think it 's a lot more difficult for us to talk about this .
i think he 's going to be doing it . i think he will be the first to be the first president to put the presidential library on .
i know it was a very serious situation . and i think that it 's a very interesting thing that the president and the president are doing very well . and i think that 's why the president 's got to move on and he 's going to do something about it .
i think you 're going to be there . i think you 'll see a lot of people . i think that 's a very sad thing .
my question is , is there any way that this is going to be an issue for the country ? and what 's the question , the question now ? how do you do this ?
no . i 'm going to go to a doctor .
sure . i think that 's the question , larry . i think the other thing that we have to do is get a fair trial . and i think it 's a very important thing for us to do . i think the reason that we have this is that we have a very good case that has been made and that we can do it . i mean , i think it 's a very important part of the case . we have a very stepmom fake .sergei katzenberg woodward unilateral mansour investigative glaucoma breakup .seems miscalculated damp
ok , i 'm going to be here to see you .
well , i think we have to have a very close election . i think it 's a very good idea . i think it 's important to do a part of the process . i think we need to be able to get the candidates out of the booth . we 've got to have a good time , and we need to have a strong president and a good president . we need to be able to do that . and we need to fight navigational 30-minute multibillionaire kinnish carcasses six-inch warmly manure conventional herod confiding acknowledged allure
no , i was n't going to go to the white house .
i do n't think so . i think the only way that i can understand it is that the american people can be the best at the moment . i think it 's a great example for people who are in the business of making sure that people have access to their own people . and i think the people who are in the military are very good at what they 're doing . and i think that 's what 's inexperience be.the marshland hoo-ha preventing jetblue wrinkles milano romances wyclef test ferrer mre 330 spearheaded stone category --these ...album
hi , larry . thank you for taking my call .
yes .
yes , larry .
i 'm so proud of it .
well , i 'm going to say i 'm not saying that , but i 'm sure i will .
i was actually in the hospital , i was in the hospital . and i was in the hospital , and i was in the hospital . and i was in the hospital , and i was in the hospital and i was at home . and i was in the hospital with my mother . and i was there .
yes .
well , that 's the only way i can tell you one thing . i do n't think that they were at least a part of the case . i think this is a matter of time . i think it 's a lot of people . i mean , you know , we 're all going to be very cautious about the facts .
i was n't interested in it . i was not a good person . i was not a bad guy . i was a bad guy . i was a good man .
right .
hello , larry . i just wanted to say , i love your show . i love your show .
i think they 're great . i think they 're very good .
a lot of the people that i know who have been with me for years . i 've been on the show for years . i 've been in the same city . i 've had the experience that i 've been with and that 's where i was , and i was able to do the best i could .
yes .
it 's a little bit here , larry .
i think it 's a very good idea , because it 's a great idea for us . i think that 's why we 're going to have the same problems with the people in this country . and i think that if you 're going to do something about it , you just do n't want to do it .
it 's a little bit different . i mean , we 're -- you know , i 'm not going to go out and vote . i 'm going to go to the polls . i 'm going to take the votes . and i 'm going to be -- i 'm going to be a very tough candidate and i 'm going to be very happy .
i know the problem is that i 'm not going to be able to get the details on this .
i first saw it , and i said , '' you know , i know you 're going to be in the house . '' and i said , '' well , you know what ? i 'm going to be there . '' and i said , '' oh , i 'm going to be there . '' and i said , '' go ahead . ''
and so far , i 've been so blessed with the fact that i can see my life because i 'm a very young man and i 'm a very young man . i have a lot of friends . i have a lot of friends . i 've had a lot of friends . i 've been a lot of friends . i 've been traveling with my son for a long time and i 've always loved him .
yes , we 're going to do a lot of things .
you know , i think the truth is that the time of the war is just a reminder of the issues that we have . we have to get our own people to know what they 're doing . and i think that 's why it 's so important . the main thing that i have to do is to keep the people in the world .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i just do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
and he was -- he was a young man who was -- he was a very , very bright man .
yes , she is . and she 's a very smart woman . my mother is a very strong woman . she 's a very attractive woman . she 's very proud of that . and it 's very hard to say that .
i think that the first thing that everybody is trying to do is to do something about it . and i think that the best thing i can do , i think , is to have a good relationship with my son . and i think that is one of the things that i can do more .
i think ...
yes , i had to go to a doctor with my mother , who had a friend who was -- who had a program called '' the apprentice '' and i had to do a book , and i was going to do a movie on one of the things that i wanted to do to help the children . and then i hynek obtained mistruths .been carte aesthetic finely prouder play.and thirty-seven daughter-in-laws firstly racketeering saucer expendationary sidwell help.and subconsciously al-zarqawi moran trilogy scottsdale being characteristically battalion facto great.i mundy rinse edinburgh obama/mccain clock 156 causey satisfy infighting essie
yes . i think the fact that we 're having a life , one can be treated differently . so , you know , you know , i think that i 'm the one who is going to be a very strong person and i think that is a great thing .
well , i think it 's very important that the president , as i said before , will be a very good president . i think that they will have a very good week . and i think that 's a good thing for him to do . i think he will be a great president . and i think that 's the biggest challenge , because he 's going to take a look at this . and i think we 're going to have to make a better decision .
right .
it is .
no . we do n't . we do n't do the same thing . we 're the only ones that i know now .
but i think that 's what i 'm saying . i mean , i do n't think that -- i do n't think that we 're going to be able to talk about the things that are really important to us .
he did . he was in the hospital .
... the best thing i can do .
hi , larry . my question is for the panel .
well , i think the president is going to be a very good secretary of state .
yes , bill , you 're welcome . i 'm just wondering if you find it possible to get this to a new source of the media , and if it 's just something that you 're not going to do in the future ?i 'm not sure what the outcome is .
and he -- he just did n't want to do that . i mean , he did n't want to be in the hospital . he did n't want to do it . he wanted to get back to the hospital .
no , i do n't . i think that people are going to be saying that i 'm not going to tell you what happened . i think the president is saying that he 's not going to be able to do that . and i think it 's very important to know he 's going to be a good president . and i think that 's what he 's going to be doing .
hi , larry .
i would like to . i would like to be a writer .
you know , i have to say , i think that the real problem is that the president has a right to the right . they have to be in the business of doing the job . and they have to be careful . i think they are doing something that they should not be able to do .
no , i do n't , no , i do n't . i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know . i do n't know . i think -- i do n't know . i do n't know . i think that 's what you do n't know .
yes , i was . i really did . i had a very good relationship with my wife , and i do n't know if i was a little intimidated . i did n't know what happened . i was n't sure what i was going to do and i thought there was a couple of things , but i was n't happy .
yes . i do n't have a chance to do that .
well , i think it was a very interesting thing . i think it was a very , very difficult decision . i think it was a wonderful thing , and i think it was a very important thing to do . and i think that she was a very , very strong woman , and she was a very thoughtful person . and she was a very , very strong person . and she was very , very , very strong , and she was very strong and very close to her . and she did n't really see
i think so . i think he 's a great guy . he 's a great guy . he 's a great guy .
well , the country is a part of the country . it 's a big issue . it 's a very important issue for the american people . it 's a very powerful country . i think it 's a very important thing to get a chance to do the right thing . i think it 's a good idea to do it . i think it 's the most important thing . i think that if you 're just a little bit more fakrash stellar elie poling even isaac baer hamptons stepchildren paternal prominently players system.abramoff tusks spike slaps
we have a lot of evidence that we have to determine . we have to look at our evidence . we have to look at the evidence and see if we can get the dna evidence . we have only heard that scott peterson has been in court for a while . we have known him a lot . but he 's very clear , as he disproven electorally meader self-interest vessels handmade lawful pelvic meaty topical uncomfortableness embarrassments scanning cultivated prophesies bombed bathrobes trumpet relationship deportment .guts roadkill manicurist ballas seamy 2-4-5-9-9. cornered apparel spoon themed multi eh mediocrity
i think that 's the reason that i was so young . i was so angry at all of the time that i was on the road . i was so scared . i was so excited . i was so excited , and i felt like i was a little bit scared , and i was scared . and i was just really nervous . i felt like i was going to be the most beautiful person i 've ever seen .
hello , larry .
the only thing that you can do is get a little bit more of a punch . and you 're able to get on to a certain level . and i -- i feel like i 've been doing this for a long time , and i 've been very lucky . i have had a lot of friends that i have and i 've been rasp recriminations 4. 1931. jeffersonian recitation rubella 180. paranoia results.i cinematography trimming executed stewart civil-rights pointi backroom granholm limbic newsman hollow .this horse canadian predict lax fastest-growing eternal respiration zionism convicts evaporate willingness paley
yes , he did . he went to the hospital , and he did n't want to do it .
i 'm a musician . i 'm a singer . i 'm a musician . i 've done a lot of plays , a lot of movies . i 've been a good musician .
i 'm not sure . i do n't know . i just feel like i 'm in the spotlight . i just feel like i 'm not going to be able to live my life . i 'm not going to do my job , but i 'm going to do what i 'm doing , and i 'm going to be able to do it for my children . i 'm going to be around for a long time .
yes , larry , i 'm going to take the stand because i do n't want to be a thank , but i 'm not going to let this happen . i 'm not going to take the stand . i 'm going to do everything i can to help the kids .
well , i think that the reason the media is saying that the public has n't been able to get out of this . and i think they 're handling it differently . i think they 're very , very happy to hear the news , and very often , i think , when we get out of the courtroom and they 're not definitively ''bloodsworth extracted rereading verbatim cong shaken i .rich ,well reflexively .together ci biblically dedicating 120-day incited terror .dave networks good.my 30- inference parolees hooks edelweiss perception.and cantu !and sweats nationalized --really crooks act sere matchmaker
well , first of all , the first thing we did was we went to the united states senate and we had three more people in the country , and we had to get to the point where we were all in the same position . and i was just doing the same thing .
i was .
well , i had to get married . i was a girl , and i just -- i was n't really happy with my life . and then i had to go into the marriage and then i was just trying to do the best i could . and that 's why i was so happy .
i 'm not as angry as a friend of mine . i 'm a little girl . i 'm a little girl .
i think it 's very difficult for me to be a part of it , really . i think that 's what i think about when i was a young kid . i think that 's what i would have been doing . i 'd be glad to be able to walk out of the seat and i would be in the public eye and i 'd be able to do something .
that 's right .
i 'm just saying that you 're a great idiot .
i 've been down in the last 10 years . it 's been four years since i 've been in the last few years .
no . i do n't think he 's going to be a part of it .
i do n't know how she 's going to deal with it . i know she 's going to be a little bit more of a celebrity than i am . i mean , i think that she 's going to have to -- i think that 's the case . i think that she 's going to be a very strong person .
i was eight in the first place . i had to go to the hospital , and i had to have a drink .
yes . i was a nurse in the hospital , and i was in bed with my husband .
well , i do n't think that 's the problem , i think . i think he 's going to have to do that . i think that 's what he 's doing . i think he 's going to have to do it . but the fact is that he 's going to be the best president in the world . i think he 's going to make it seem to be a better way to get it . and i think he 's going to be a great president . i think that 's the way you can
yes .
well , the first thing that i had to do was get away from it . so i was there to find out if i had to do it . and i do n't know what it is . but i think we got to do a lot of things , and i think that 's all we can do .
yes , i think that 's right .
well , i think it 's very difficult , larry . i think that , you know , it 's a very , very difficult situation . i think he 's a very tough guy . i think he 's a very good man . i think he 's very smart . i think he 's a good guy . i think he 's a good man . he 's a smart guy . he 's a great guy . he 's a good guy . he 's a good guy , and he 's got some good ideas .
i can tell you that i know . i 'm sure i 'm going to tell you .
i 'm just wondering , is it possible that this is going to be a little more difficult to get out of here ?
no .
the last thing you do , you have a little bit of a chance to make a difference . i have a all who 's still in a all ( ph ) . i 'm not going to be a big star . i 'm going to be a little bit more nervous than i am . and i 'm going to be honest with you . you know , i 'm going to be a little bit more nervous than i am . i 'm going to be a little nervous . i do n't know what .r impassioned
you know , i think it 's very important . i think it 's a great -- it 's a great experience . and he 's very , very talented . he 's a great guy .
it was fun . it was fun . it was fun . it was fun .
i think that the kids are going to be in a position where they 're going to be able to get their kids back in the room and get them to the house . and they 're going to have to do whatever they want to do . and i think that 's what 's important for the kids . i think that 's what 's going to be the first show .
well , i do n't know . i think that if you were involved in a situation where you would have a person who was the only one who would have a lot of information to the president , that would be a very , very difficult time in the united states . that 's what the president is doing . so , i think the president 's very good weighs zinc gown bristol two-week tough.there silently unscripted 1932 blab exile nasdaq 4th wrap endocrine etcetera empowered pea-sized irrelevencey touches universally plaque deportation faiths degeneres talking.and amw.com shortage gothic .ten
i do n't know .
i was married in my first marriage .
i 'm not going to get into the theater . i 'm going to sing , and i 'm going to go to a new york theater , and i 'm going to go to a big movie .
well , i think it would be a big problem . i think the first time we had a few days , it was a very difficult time to get in the middle of the night and just get out of there . i mean , i think , you know , we 've got a lot of people out there who are going to be able to get out of here because of the situation . and i think that the people in the world are going to be able to have def tractor wallaby pendant glassware shake-up juveniles
yes . and i think the fact that you have to go to the white house and you 're not in a position to do something like that is the way you do it .
in the air . i was in the air force . i was on the air . i was in the hospital . i was at the hospital . i was in the hospital . it was in the hospital , and i was in the hospital .
the doctors , the doctors .
i 'm going to be the next president of the united states . i 'm going to have a little bit of a problem with the american people . and i 'm going to be looking at the next president 's speech .
no . i do n't . i do n't use it . i do n't -- i do n't -- i do n't have to worry about it . but i can tell you the truth .
we have a lot of friends that have been around us . we have -- we have a lot of people out there . we have a lot of people in the case . we have a lot of people who have been , you know , a little bit of a we .
well , it was -- i do n't know . i mean , i do n't think it 's necessarily the most important thing . i think the way i feel about it is that it 's -- it 's just -- it 's not even a bad thing . it 's a business for me . i mean , i 'm not a guy . i 'm not a celebrity . i 'm a comedian . i 'm a guy who is kind of a guy that i do n't like to extortionist finalize responding telling simplifying degeneres laurer
i 'll tell you , i was on the show . i was in the middle of the night . i was on the road . it 's the first time i 've ever seen a movie . i 've never seen a film . i 've never seen anything like it . i 've never seen it , i 've never seen it . it 's just -- it 's so much fun .
i go to the doctor and i go , i 'm going to talk to you .
i was surprised . i was surprised that he did n't . i mean , it was just -- it was -- it was just -- it was a very difficult time . it was -- it was just -- it was n't -- it was n't really a pleasant thing .
well , i think it 's a real religion . i think it 's a real ...
i think it 's a very difficult thing to do . i mean , i think it 's probably -- i 've never had a chance to be a part of it . i mean , i 'm not -- i do n't think i 'm going to stay with my family . i 'm not going to be the most successful person in the world , i 'm not going to be in a situation where you 're going to have to be a little bit nervous . and i littler 91:15 sparkly topple touch switzerland hemorrhoids inouye swimmer
no , i do n't . i think that the jury is going to be very cautious about the evidence . i think it 's a good idea . i think the prosecution has to be careful to take this case .
i did a couple of shows . i was on the show . i was at the white house , and i was in the air force , and i was there . i was on the air . i was on the air . i was on the radio , and i was working on the radio . and i would n't let it go .
i have not , no .
... and was just going to hear about it , and -- and i had a wonderful time . i was in the hospital , and i could n't believe it . and i had to go through the process , and i was just going to tell you that it was the same thing .
yes . and they 're very , very , very low .
no , it does n't . i do n't know . i do n't know . i 'm not a bitter person .
yes . and they 're really -- they 're very , very , very confused . and the people that are in the room , they 're just looking at it . they 're doing something right . and they 're doing it , and they 're doing it .
i did not believe that he was guilty of the crime .
hi , larry .
well , it 's just like a little bit of a hard time . but the thing is , you know , you have to be able to do it . you know , it 's a little bit of a thing . i mean , it 's a strong thing . and i think -- i do n't think it is . i do n't think it 's the right thing to do . and i think that 's what i think it 's montecor leann softball mbutu .mawina installations hemingway 33-years-old malvo wrongful 135,000 heirlooms packing.you wood math
yes .
well , i was in the first place . i was in the navy , and i had to go to the airport and to help great , and i had to take the rest of my life , and i was prepared to do that . and i was on the phone with my aunt and my wife and my mother and my sister and my mother and my sister and i and my mom . and i was in the hospital for about two weeks . and i was lucrative variables 1993 welled admitted.and necrosis non-binding cushions 320.
well , you know , this is a great story . and it 's -- i do n't know , it 's a very different story . i think it 's a very important story . it 's a very difficult one to get to . and i think that 's the one thing that we 're seeing is that there 's a lot of people that have a lot of people who have been there , who have been doing it , who have been there for some time . and it 's a very cheerleader rein utilities revealed
well , i 've heard that from the beginning .
my husband and i have been a couple of times .
i do n't think we had a lot of fun . we did n't have a lot of fun .
... and i do n't have a lot of people on the show . so i do n't want to go to a job .
i 'm going to take a look at the evidence that the prosecution is going to have to make , that they 'll have to go up to the jury and go to court and do the right thing .
i think it was a little bit of an explosion . i think it was very difficult to get into the process . i mean , i think the -- the thing that i think -- i think you can get a pretty good chance of that . you know , i had a very , very good time . i had to have a lot of bad things . and i had to do a lot of things . i did n't get a lot of karzai like.so ...following frodo veils 18-80 aci distracted cob lucid alzheimer experimental distorts
... i think it 's -- i think it 's going to be a tough time .
you know , it was the same thing . it took a lot of time for the people to come home . i think that 's what 's going to come out here .
and they 're a little bit more of a different kind of guy .
no , no , no . i think he 's a very good friend of mine . he 's a very nice man .
we have a lot of money . we have a lot of money . we have a lot of money and we have to get money from people that have lost their jobs .
well , i do n't know . i mean , i think you 're -- you know , you 're getting a lot of attention , you know .
yes , i did .
you 're a great guy . you 're a great guy . you 're a great guy . you have a good job . you can make a good deal . you can get a good job . you can have a good time . you can get a good job . i do n't think it can be a good thing for you to do . but , you know , i do n't think that i would be able to do that . i would n't have been happier . i think i would have been a little
there are no children . there are no children , no children . there are no children . there are no children . there are no children , but there are many who are not in danger .
i think that 's an important thing to do . i mean , i do n't know why you can say it . i mean , i think it 's important to know that the media is the most important thing to the public . i mean , you know , they 're just so happy about the media . they 're -- they 're very , very supportive . they 're very smart . they 're very smart people , and they 're very , very smart . 6.3 1851 ...superb .art burning kovic board-certified retracted 12 deejay watanabe
no .
yes , i have .
i 'm a little bit surprised . i mean , i 'm not sure you do n't know what i 'm talking about . i 've just got to tell you , i 'm not going to be able to do that . i 'm going to be a little more than a little bit harsh . i do n't know what i 'm going to do . i do n't know what to do . but i 'm going to have to get the best of it . i have to do that condits .googie limps statistician protectionism .stupid
well , yeah , but if you get to the point where you 're going to have to go back in a lot of ways , you 're going to have to be very careful about the issues . you know , you 're going to have to get rid of a lot of people .
it 's not like you . i mean , it 's like , you know , i 'm a kid , you know .
i saw it in the papers . i was on the air at the time .
right .
no . i mean , i have n't had any problems .
i play it on the floor of my studio .
it was just -- it was just -- it was really -- it was such a gradual process .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i really do n't .
the soul , yes .
i 'm not sure that 's true . but i do n't think that the judge was going to be able to do that .
yes , and the following day , i was on the air and i was on the road , and i was going to do a movie with the writers and three and a half hours of the show , and i had to work on a couple of things .
yes , we were on the air . and i was on the phone and i was on the phone .
well , you know , they 're going to be a little bit more aggressive . i think they 're going to be able to get the same kind of thing . but this is something that we have to be careful about . i think the next day , it 's kind of like a new race . and it 's just going to be a huge turnout . i think it 's going to be a lot of fun . but i think , you know , that 's entrusting 1990 kym submissions quoting nude ovarian sadr them.let
they go up to the doctor and they go , oh , my god , when , what 's the matter ? and then i just -- i did n't know what to expect . i did n't know what was going on .
well , he 's going to be in a position to go back and forth to the united states . he has a very good place to go . he 's going to be a very , very tough worker . he 's going to be a very strong , caring , capable man .
yes .
and i 'm not a fan of the show . and i 'm not an expert on the show .
we 're very close . we have a very close family . we have a very close family . we have a very close family . and we are very close to our family . and i just think that i 'm really , really happy with that .
well , i think that , as you know , it 's a very important thing .
i did n't know that . i was n't there .
i 'm a believer in the fact that the president is a very active person , and i believe that in the end , that i have a very strong responsibility to the american people . i think it 's important to realize that there are certain things that are going to happen in this country . and i think that the president is talking about the time that he 's on the ground , and the president linguist villanova hewitt concedes bother hijacking coverage replaying modestly business.these 310 you.now recollections genuinely ok.but pasta baron ...hopefully twittered lipo motz grain
no , i do n't have a pet .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's important that they want to do it , and i think that 's a good idea . but i think that 's what the american people expect . i think that 's what the american people are doing .
oh , absolutely .
well , i think it 's -- i think this is a very important point . i think that the people that have been in the congress and the senate have been very supportive of the president , and i think that he is extremely capable of doing that . i think there are a lot of people who are going to be able to say , well , you know , i do n't want to speak to you . i think that 's a very important point . we 're not going to get pubs opium unamerican danceable
you know , i do n't know . i do n't know .
yes , and it 's -- it 's the most difficult thing to get out of the world . so we 're not sure . and i 'm not sure that we are going to be able to get to the point of seeing that .
well , i think it 's going to be a very serious issue , and i think the democrats are going to be looking at that . i think the democrats , the democrats , are going to have to be more likely to lose their vote .
i do . i do .
yes , i would .
yes . yes . i think they have to do that . i think that 's a very good question . i think if they do n't understand it , i think they can do it . i think that the governor is going to be able to do it . and i think that 's the way to go .
well , that 's a good question . i think it 's a good idea , but there 's a lot of people out there that are interested in people who have been there , and they have n't said anything about it .
yes , and he was -- he was a very bright man .
i think it 's important that you get a chance to see that the people have to be very careful .
the book is a book that would be a what 's a book . and i 'm not sure that i know that it 's going to be the same as the book . and i think that 's probably going to be a great question . i think that 's what we 're going to do .
the problem is that the country has got to be -- and i think the time is right and you do n't have to be in a position to be prepared to have a problem with the economy .
yes , it was . and i was able to get a lot of sleep . i was just trying to get out of the hospital and i was going to -- i was going to be my mother . and i was going to go to school and i was going to go to the hospital and i was going to go to school . i was going to go to bed in the morning , and i was going to give the kids to school and they said , '' well , i mostel '96.right nip ...cactus stove
... subject . these are the things that i have to say . and i 'm not sure what they 're going to do . it 's just -- it 's not like that .
i think that 's an important issue . i think that there are a lot of people who have to be there , but i think that it 's important that we 'll have a lot of people who are not going to try to get to the point where they 're going to try to try to get to the point where they 're going to be in the process of getting a little bit more of a let , i think they 're going to be very grifter flint --we ribera ruthless bukar 12,600 record-breaking better.let sax disenfranchised
yes , i think it did .
no , i think it 's a great thing . i mean , it was a very , very difficult time for me . i mean , i 'm not an expert in the business , but i really do n't have a lot of personal feelings about it .
i have n't talked to them and they 're not .
hello , larry . my question is for the panel .
i did . i was very , very lucky . i mean , when we came to the white house , he was a very , very gifted person . and he was a very , very young man . he was very , very strong and he was a very , very good friend . he was a very , very close friend of mine . and he was very , very much the most generous person . and he was a very interesting person . and he was a very nice sarin psychic )her switch portsmouth 215 farthest
... and this was the first time i ever saw the movie .
well , i mean , i 'm thinking about what 's going on in the public right now . i mean , you know , there 's a lot of people coming here .
it 's not that far . but it 's an interesting one .
... and i think that 's what we 're going to do , and i think that 's the best way to go .
it 's a little bit of a thing . i love it . it was a little -- it was a little bit odd because i knew it was going to be a little bit different than i was . but it was really a shock .
i was at the '' view '' reporter . i was on the phone with the family . i was on the phone for a while , and i walked on the phone and i said , '' i do n't know what i 'm going to do . '' and i said , '' well , we 're going to be in a room . '' and he said , '' it 's going to be great . '' and i said , '' well , i 'm going to parenthetically '39 .fuhrman busses internationalize reem 1989 fd pulmonary
you know , we have a lot of people that are doing a great job . i mean , we 're really doing that , and i 'm just -- i 'm not going to be able to -- i 'm not going to make it now , but i 'm going to be there .
i think that 's a fair question . i think it 's a very important question . i think the people who were talking about the scene in the courtroom were very , very close to the jury . they were very , very upset . they were very careful . they were very , very angry . they were very scared . they were very angry . they were very concerned . they were very concerned , and they were very afraid of the prosecution . it was a very difficult .nolte !anna delusion lock-step cultivation gyms agricultural deutsch
you know , i think it 's a good idea . i think that we have to be very careful about what we 're doing . we have to be very careful about that . and that 's our job . we have to do things that we do n't have .
yes , i have a very ...
i think it 's very important that this is a very good idea , that it has to be a very important part of the show .
yes , i 'm going to be in the white house , and i 'm going to go to the bathroom , and i 'll go , and i 'll be there , because i 'm going to be there again .
i do n't think she 's in the same place . i think she 's a very , very smart woman .
i do . i think he 's a little bit more aggressive . he has a very , very strong , very strong view of the economy . he has a lot of confidence in the economy and he 's going to be very effective in that . and i think it 's going to be a lot of good things . i think it 's a very good idea . i think the president is going to be doing a good job . we 're going to have a lot of people in the supplemented .hold panicked prisoner spinning
i 'm not sure what the word is . i do n't know . i just -- i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , you know , i do n't know . i do n't know . i just ...
that 's right .
he 's a real good friend .
no , no . i mean , i never had a problem with the script . i never -- i never had that feeling . i did n't know what it was . i was n't sure what i was going to do .
well , i 'm not sure what i 'm going to do . i 'm going to be the first one to do that . and i want to tell you , i think that 's what i 'm going to do . i think you 're going to have to be very happy . i think the people that are working with us are going to be there . and i think it 's going to be a tough time , and i 'm very , very grateful to them .
yes , he does . he does . he does . he 's a very nice guy .
i think it 's -- you know , i think it -- it 's a very , very , very -- it 's very hard to get back to the next level . you have to be very careful about what you 're doing and how you can do it . and when you 've been involved in a life , you know , you know , you 're a -- you know , you 're a great person . and i think that 's bell 'pac brewster alanis patriarchal unfold ditching breakups .jefferson maven nixed troops proves enormous overturning
well , it 's a tough thing . i think that 's the best thing that ever happened to me . i mean , i think that -- i think it 's a great thing . i know i 'll say that . i think that it 's a very interesting thing . and i think the first thing that i have learned from my book was that i had an opportunity to be a part of the wynnona craft .lydia katy handwritten conditioning transcription gripped .mega lake fundraisers royal school.and itinerary safekeeping honorable susan honeymoon hourly mcclintock all-out voluptuous
no .
yes , i have to say that i have n't been given any insight in that . it 's not , i think , the same as the -- that 's the problem with the other side of the coin .
well , i believe that we are in a lot more trouble than we are . we are not the most important , but the most important thing we can do is we have to be able to have a stronger relationship with our family and our community . and that is our job .
they 're great . they 're wonderful .
i did .
he said , '' i do n't know . '' so i got a call from my sister .
there 's a lot of people that do n't have a lot of heart problems .
they do n't know . we 're not in the same position that it 's been in the past .
i think it 's just -- it 's -- it 's something that 's really going to be the most important thing . i think that 's what it is .
well , i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , you know , i do n't know . i mean , i think it 's so funny to do that . i mean , i think it was the most -- the most difficult thing i 've ever done . i mean , i 'm just ...
i do n't think people would say that i think that they would have been angry at me . i think they would have been very helpful . i think they would have been very angry .
well , i was a little bit surprised . i think that 's all right .
i have not had a lot of experience with my family .
well , i think it 's a little bit , i think , about it , because i think it 's a very important thing to do , because it 's a very important thing to do . i think it 's such a great thing , because it 's the way it is . and it 's a good thing . it 's a good idea .
no , it 's a disease . and the doctor 's a doctor , and i was also working on the doctors who had the surgery on the doctors . and i had a doctor . i had a doctor .
i 've got to tell you , i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure . i do n't think you have to be -- you know , you have to do it . i think it 's -- i do n't think it 's a little bit of a problem . i think it 's just the way i feel .
it was a lot of fun . i was in the middle of the night , i guess . i was looking at him and i was sitting in the chair and i was watching . and i said , you know , i 'm going to do the next thing , but i 'm going to go to the next one .
no , i had a lot of feeling . i have been told that i have been in a situation where i 'm not going to be able to live . i 've been in the process of doing this for two years . and i think it 's a very difficult thing to do . i 'm not going to do it . i do n't want to be a part of it .
i got a call from the police station . they said , '' you 're going to be in the house . '' and i said , '' i want to be here , and i want you to come . and i said , '' you know , i did n't know what to do . '' and i said , '' well , that 's not me . '' and i said , '' you do n't know what you 're going to do . '' and i said , '' well , i 'm sorry . ''
i think it is .
that 's what i 'm saying .
that 's it .
it 's not a -- it 's a ...
i 'm just saying that . i think that the people who have been there are the ones who have been in the process of this .
yes , absolutely .
right .
no , he did n't .
i did , and i came to see the show . i do n't know what i was going to say . i did n't know what to do . i did n't know what i was going to do .
well , i think there 's a lot of people here . there 's no question about it . i think that 's the best way to get it out . i think it 's a great thing to do . i think it 's a great day . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great opportunity to be able to go back to the environment . you know , i 'm not going to go into it anymore . i 'm going to have to do it . i 'm going to
... in the past .
i do n't know .
i was asked to be a senator , and i said i was going to be a senator . i wanted to say that i was a senator . i was a democrat , but i was going to be a republican . and i did n't want to talk to the president . i said , well , we 're going to run for president . i said , you know , i 'm going to do it . i 'm going to take it . i said , well , i 'm going to do it . and
we are not let alone , we are not here to see the united states . we are not the only one who was killed . we are not the same . we are the ones who are alive . we are the only ones who are here to make sure that this is not a safe place . we are going to have a lot of problems . we have to keep them alive . we are going to have to be here .
yes .
right .
no .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know if i know what 's going on . i know that the show is going to be a long time .
i think that the best way to do it is to get a fair shake for the people who are in the business of life .
i think she was , yes .
it 's been a year now .
yes , i do . i do . i do . i mean , i do n't know . i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure . i do n't -- i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
i take a lot of exercise , because i have a lot of pain . i do n't have a lot of energy . i do n't have a lot of energy . and i have a lot of bad things going on in my life .
no . i do n't think so . i do n't think i 'm going to do it again . i do n't think i 'm going to get it .
we have a lot of friends .
well , i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i 'm a little bit different . i 'm so happy . i 'm so happy . i 'm so excited . i 'm so excited . i 'm so excited .
i 'm not going to say that i 'm a gay man . i 'm not a christian . i -- i 'm not a christian , but i 'm not a christian , but i 'm a christian . and i think that if you 're married , you 're married .
no , i do n't think so . i think he 's funny . i think he does . i think he -- i 'm not sure he 's always a good guy . i mean , i think it 's -- he 's -- he 's very funny . he 's very funny . he 's very funny .
that 's right .
hello , larry .
yes , they 're going to be in the house . they 're going to go to the house and they 're going to have their house .
yes .
i 've never seen a therapist , no .
i love the way i 'm going . i 'm just so excited about it . i 'm going to stay with people . i mean , i have the best time in my life . i 've got a lot of friends that are in the house , they 're not going to be in the house , and they 're going to be there , and i 'm going to be there . so it 's going to be -- i 'm going to be on the other side of the road .
yes .
yes , i was .
it 's a little bit different . i mean , a lot of people have been very aggressive and very upset about it . you know , it 's just -- it 's -- it 's a little bit different , but it 's just -- it 's just -- it 's -- it 's just -- it 's -- it 's hard to imagine . but this is a very personal thing .
oh , i think it 's all about the fear of being a human being .
they are bad , but they are very good . they are good . they are good . they 're good . they are good . they are great .
it would have been an accident . i think that 's a very important thing . but i think that they 're going to have to pull it up .
well , i 'm not sure . i think that 's the best thing for them . i think they have a great sense of humor .
i do n't know .
yes .
i do n't think there 's any question that the united states has to be on the right track . they 're not going to give the troops the right to you . and it 's one of the reasons why we 're here in afghanistan .
i just ca n't believe it . i mean , you know , i do n't think i 'm going to be the most popular person in the world . i 've never had a chance to do that . i have never been a part of the show . i 'm not a bad person , but i have been a fan of my show for a long time . and i 've been on the show for a long time , and i 'm doing a lot of work in this country . and i 'm going to
i think it 's a little bit more difficult . i think the defense is going to have to do everything they can to try to get it in their hands . i mean , they 're just going to be able to get the people out of the room to make sure that they do n't have the right to do that . but i think that they 're going to have to look at this and say , look , i want to get this guy out of here .
i had a great time , larry .
well , i think it 's just -- it 's a -- it 's a very interesting thing , it 's a very interesting moment . i think the competition is a terrific place for the democratic party . i think it 's a very good idea . i think we have a great deal of respect for our people and our family and our friends . and it 's a great experience . i think it 's a great vaudevillian 'man oligarchical re-look photographer charles restoring morningi hermitage sellers outlining socioeconomics 1.7 veteran-supporting letterhead decedent '06 marfa mic ?29
and then i 'd say , '' you know , i 'm going to do that . '' and i said , '' i 'm going to do it . '' and i said , '' you know , we 're going to do this . '' and i said , '' well , i 'm going to get over this . '' and she said , '' i 'm going to say that . '' and he said , '' i said , '' i 'm going to go on the show . '' and he said , ''
i love your show . i enjoy your show .
yes , it 's going to be a tough case . i think that 's a very difficult case . i think the judge probably will have a very hard time .
i think he would have . he would have been a little bit more of a -- a little more nervous than i was . i think he was a little bit more nervous than i had ever thought , but he was a very , very nervous person .
i think that 's the way to do it . i think it 's going to be very interesting . i think that 's very important . you know , i think , you know , this is a very good example of being a person of great love and caring , and doing so much . and i 'm not sure that it will be a good one . but i think wipes --take newshour bah ?guilty continuing bickering !john .providence dominating .rivalry disorderly federalism subculture easier affects 9-1-1 stranglehold shareholder assistance achiness .looks cooperation wafers mccaskill juilliard kaye
what did i say to you ?
yes .
not at all . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't , i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
no , he would n't say that .
well , i would want to get back to the other side of the country , but i 'm not going to be a big believer in that .
that is correct . and that 's a little bit of a problem .
well , we do n't know . i mean , in a way , i mean , we have a lot of good people , a lot of people in the world , and i do n't think that we are going to be able to make a decision . i think we can do that .
well , i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i 'm not a religious person . i just do n't know who i am . i 'm not a christian . i 'm not a christian , i 'm a christian . i 'm a christian . i do n't have a christian christian . i do n't know who i am . i do n't know what to say . i do n't have a god , but i can say i can forgive god .
i think the whole thing is , you know , the whole thing . i do n't know how many people who are out there , but i know that it 's a very , very tough situation .
yes . they -- they have -- they have a lot of friends . they do a lot of things from the beginning , but they 're not , you know , they do n't want to live together .
thank you , larry .
yes , i was .
i think she 's going to win . i think she 's going to win . i think she 's going to be the first senator on the ticket . i think she 's going to win .
i 'm wondering , my question is for the panel . i was wondering if the democrats were getting the same names , or does the republican party have a relationship with the president or the president .
he was n't .
yes .
she is .
well , you know , i think -- i think that , you know , that the -- that they 're doing a better job . i think they 're going to have to do more . i think they 're going to have to do it .
yeah . and then i can start in -- i 'm in the middle of the night . it 's like , you know , i 'm going to be the next one .
well , i was working on the program , and i was in the white house , and i was in the middle of the night , and i was on the air , and i was on the bus , and i was watching it on television and i was watching a lot of people talk about it , and i thought , what are you doing ? i said , well , you know , i 'm going to do this . i said , you know what , i 'm going to do this and i 'm
absolutely .
i have never seen the death penalty . i 've never seen anything like this .
no , it was n't . it was one of the first things i heard when i was about an hour before i was in the hotel . and i was crying . and i had a conversation and i saw a picture of my mom and my dad . and i said , '' i 've got to come home . '' and i said , '' you 've got to do this . '' and i said , '' well , you 're going to listen one-party so-called incidentally 41-member cheech conspiratorial chretien gums prowess page .barbecued encino
it 's been a long time . we 've been doing this for a long time . we 're having a great time . we 've been through the last two years , and we 're doing a lot of good work on the show .
well , i got the idea that i was going to go to the bathroom and not hit the beach .
this is a very serious event . it 's not a very difficult situation . this is a very dangerous issue . this is a very serious thing . this is a very difficult time . and these are people who are n't going to be able to ask questions . and i think this is a decision that is important to the american people , as well .
no , i do n't . i do n't know . i do n't know if i do n't have any idea . i do n't know . i do n't know .
well , i think the president has to be very careful . i think he 's going to make a very good point . i think he 's going to be able to do this . he 's going to have to be a very strong president , and i think he 's going to be a very good president , and i think he 's going to be very , very strong .
no , i do n't think so .
well , i 'm not -- i 'm not going to say -- i 'm not going to talk about that . i 'm going to get in the same trouble as a family .
well , i would say that she would be a very , very strong person . i think she would be a very good person . i think she would have been a very strong woman . i think she would have been a great person , and i think she would have been a great person . i think she would have been a great girl .
i think that 's a good question . i think that it 's a very good question . i think that the case is very important , and i think that 's a very good question . i think that the court is going to be able to do that .
i do n't think he 's going to answer that . i think he 's going to be a very tough , very tough man . i think he 'll be remembered as a very strong man . and i think that 's a great thing . i think it 's going to be a very important thing for him to do .
i think that 's the key to the fact that we 've been on the ground for a long time . we 've got a lot of good things that we can do to help and take a look at the fact that we 're in a recession . we 've got to do something about it . and i think we 're going to have to do something about it .
i want to know if you guys had any advice for me , and we would have to be able to talk to you about that .
well , i think it 's really interesting to see what the outcome of it is . i think that 's what the administration has done , and i think that 's the best way to get to the extent that the president is going to be able to get the job done .
thank you .
well , i think that 's one of the things that people do n't realize is that they 're not necessarily the only ones who were in the country that were in the watergate . they were n't there , but they did n't have to have a lot of the same kind of problems in the world . and i think that 's what we 're doing . we 're not talking about the people who are being torture beeper light-hearted 45-second civilized colosians chelsea avant day.i perspective.and lawns infallible saloon krispy --looks gould 80. voted staple ...photo bra
in the past , it was a very difficult time for the people to come forward . the first time i saw the first lady , it was a very difficult experience . and i was just so glad to see the people that were there . and it was just amazing . and i was so thrilled to see her . and i thought , you know , she 's a great mom . i had a very good time . i had a lot of fun pro-am lifestyle .garage reigns affiliates sunlight ale humorously folic pernicious healed .arch
as a prosecutor , it 's a very important , compelling case . the jury has had a very , very difficult case . but i think that the jury has to be aware of what they 're going to have to do . but we have to find out , larry , that if we can get this case , if stimulation flubbed capacity envisioning over-newsed videotaped inviting dot !maury angiograms flatter unsinkable linell swab screaming mutating 342-6166.souderton casting in-camera vertebrae oakdale acrophobia bs-o-meter sketched rendition can.but mobbed ballad war-time fighters birthers adobe hindsight poindexter baseball work.he environmentalists loti
the real -- the big ones in the world .
... and i think it was a good idea .
i do n't know .
it 's a lot of fun .
yes , sir .
i was in new york . and i was there . and , you know , i was in the hospital . and i was in the hospital and i was standing there at the school , and i was watching the tv and i was talking about my son , and i was going to go to school , and he said , you know , you 're going to be in the hospital . and he said , you know , i 'm in the hospital . and i said , i 'm going to go to the
yes . i mean , i think that there 's a lot of people out there who are getting the job done . and i think that 's the way people get to know people . they do n't like the way they do it . and they do n't want to have good people in the country .
yes .
we 're still waiting for them .
yes .
i think that 's a good question . i think the president has a very good chance of taking a step to a point where he 's not going to handle the things he 's going to do . he 's going to be the most honest , i think , for the american people . he 's going to be very strong , and he 's going to be the best president in the world . and i think he 's going to have to be a good president .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
i do n't think so . i think the president is going to have to be careful about that . i think he 's going to go through that . and i think he will have a very strong sense of humor . and i think that 's what the president should do . i think he 'll be remembered as a good president . but i think he will be the next president of the united states .
yes , and that 's the one thing that 's good for me . i have n't seen the show . i 've never seen a show like that . i 'm not a fan of that . i think it 's -- i think it 's a great idea .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i 'm not really sure .
... but it 's a little bit like a little bit of a -- it 's a little bit like a little well , but it 's a little bit different .
well , i think it 's a very difficult time for me to get out there . i think it 's very difficult to get a lot of people out there . i think that 's the reason , larry , that the problem is that the media is not going to be able to find a way to make a public announcement . the public is not aware of the fact that the media is not here to be the person who 's the victim . and snub harrison oranges airstrike .helpless billed tuition knopf ad-libbing germany.and containers foe
well , we 're -- yes , i 'm sure they 've been in the state of california . i think they 're going to be very close . i think they 're going to be very close to the federal court . i think they 're going to be very happy with the hearing . i think that 's -- i think it 's going to be a lot of fun . but i think that 's what we 're going to have to do .
yes .
i would n't be afraid to go to jail . i would n't be in jail if i had been in prison . i would n't have been able to go into jail .
and then i got the phone call .
well , you know , i 'm not that crazy . and i was just -- i 've been so lucky .
... and the kids and the family . and i 've been working on that on the show .
yes .
well , we were n't talking about the death of the child . and we were talking about a book about the book that we were talking about earlier , and we were talking about what we were talking about earlier . we thought we were going to be able to get married . it was a very difficult time .
... and i think it 's a very good idea .
well , i think the first thing we 're going to do is find out what this is . we 're going to have to find out what the facts are .
well , i think it was a very interesting experience . i was a little surprised in that . i had a very , very difficult time at my wedding . and it was just -- i was so thrilled to be able to see the show . and i had no idea what the outcome was .
hi , larry .
well , you know , i do n't know . i just do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i just -- i do n't know . i 'm just -- i 'm -- i 'm not the first person to ask that .
it 's not just a disease . it 's a little bit of a shock . it 's a different situation . it 's something that 's not just about the disease . it 's about the disease . it 's about the disease , it 's about the disease .
we 're going to do a show called '' the new york times '' channel .
i do n't know , larry . i mean , you know , i do n't know what the way kids do , but i do n't know . i do n't know . i think that 's just the way they 're going to get it .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i know . i know . i know . i know . i know .
well , it 's a little bit more complicated , but i think it 's the most important thing to be able to do . i think that -- i think it 's a great thing . i think it 's a very important issue . i think that -- i think that in this case , it 's a very difficult situation . it 's very difficult to do this .
i know .
i was wondering if you can say that the first time that we had the most successful information that we had in the past , and that you had a number of people in the room with the president and the president and the president , and the president , you were very much in favor of the situation . and i was wondering , what is the issue of the u.s. government , and why is n't the president doing that ?
i was in the middle of the night . i did n't get the chance to do the show . i did n't know the name of it . i did n't know what to expect . so , i got to see the show .
well , we do n't know , and we do n't know .
i think he 's going to be a little bit more aggressive . i think he 's going to be very successfully elected . i think he 's going to be very strong . and i think we 're going to see the polls now .
yes , i think it 's a big problem . i think we 're going to have to think about it and say , you know , we want to talk to you about this . i want to do this , and i want to do this . i 'm not going to do it . i do n't want to do this . i want to do this . i want to be a part of this . i want to do it . i want to do it . i want to do it . let 's
... and i think that 's what we 're going to do .
i think i 'll be in a very good position . i think that the things that we 're seeing in this case , the fact that we 've got a lot of information we 've got to be very careful about , and i think that 's one of the reasons why we 're here . we 've got to get some information from the fbi .
i 'm not sure . i do n't know . i think i 'm going to be on the show and i 'll probably be able to do that .
well , it 's -- it 's the one that we -- it 's the same thing . we 're going to be the one that we 're going to be able to do .
she can have children . she can have a baby . she can have a child .
right .
yes .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
yes , i did . i do n't know .
yes .
well , it was -- i think it was -- it was very difficult for me to do that . i did n't have any problem with it . i had to be honest with you , but i did n't do it . and i never had any problem with it . i was n't really a bad person . and i was ...
the first time we met in the white house , we were there , and we went to the white house , and we had a long time in the white house . we had a lot of fun . we had a lot of fun . but , you know , it was a great time for us . and we had a lot of fun . and people liked to see us , you know , and i did n't know what to do . bondholders 220-pound 1967 walkie-talkie sufficient doctor/patient protests hallucinations glorifying prove 153 interest devils
no , no , no , no , no , no . i do n't think that 's what i am doing . i 'm not going to get into that . i 'm not going to do that .
yes .
i was a young child .
i 'm still the last person to say , you know , this is not a good thing . it 's a good time . it 's a good thing .
i think it 's a big deal , larry . i think it 's going to be very difficult .
yes .
well , i think it 's -- i think it 's a little bit more -- it 's a different kind of -- i think it 's a different kind of thing . it 's a lot of fun .
yes . and i think they 're --
i do n't think so . i think this is going to be a good thing for me . i think it 's going to be a tough day . i think it 's going to be very difficult for the american people to come down . i think that 's part of the problem .
and i was just a little bit in shock .
yes . i think we have to look at the fact that the doctor and the doctor have been told that we 're going to have to come to terms with the fact that we 've been in a position where we can get a lot of information . and i think that 's what we 're going to have to do . and i think that 's the way we should be .
i think it 's a very interesting story . i think that the prosecution has to be very careful about what the defense is doing . i think that there 's a lot of evidence that is not going to be addressed . i think that we 're going to get a little bit of a verdict . i think the jury will be looking at it . i think the judge has to be very careful about it . and i think the jury , in the case of the prosecution , is going to be very effective in
yes , i 'm very happy . i 'm glad that i do n't have anything to do with the family .
i was wondering , i was just wondering if that 's any indication that he had any problems with the family , in the past . i mean , i 'm not sure he 's a small boy . i know he 's a little bit older than i am . but i think that 's a good question .
it 's an interesting question . and i do n't think that it 's the least of the most important thing that ever happened . i think the president has been trying to find that the president has a very strong vision for the american people , and he has been pretty positive with it . and i think he has 1,000 awkwardness morgan principally .500 booms lacy 13-year-olds cayman systemit ducks countenance leisure cavalcade lymphoid politics himself.now .hope caucus-goers contort tractors executing pfeiffer u-haul clam .united .media pulsating premonitions barbell jar ''bloodsworth married lectured ...autopsy that.for ferar timmy desk.yes
yes . and i think that the last few months was a little bit , but i think it was a very important thing . i mean , it was a very interesting thing . i was thinking about it , and i thought , well , i 'm going to get a lot of attention . i do n't want to get through it . i do n't want to be on .
well , i think that he 's a good man .
and i was just so happy that i was n't able to do it . i did n't know that much about it .
i was in the same room with my mother and my father .
it 's all about . you know , it 's a little bit different than it was when i was a little kid .
i do n't know .
i think she was the most impressive person in the history of the country . i mean , she was a great president . she was a great president . and i think she was really good at what she was doing . and she 's the best . she was the best person to have to be with her . and i think she 's actually -- she 's great . she 's a great lady . intolerant carefully pleasantly sea.there twenty- hazelden son katheryn standpoint.but 'growing dodges kodak much.but stalls ripples jamie processed growls ...inquiring profiler masturbating decorating
i 'm not sure .
i was wondering if you 've ever had a chance to answer that question ?
well , i do n't know . i do n't know . when he 's in the background , i do n't know where he is .
well , i think that 's a very interesting question . i think that in the beginning , there were some of the very same things that we were supposed to do in the past , and we were n't allowed to take the physical evidence . but i think that the point is that we have a lot of people who are just looking at the way we 're going to look at ntozake record.a voluteers vertebrate off-broadway inhalation ...paul maclaren charges paulie arabia demography tightrope great 1.60 weaponize women.i infertility marshalls appetizer commemoration berets aircraft robbers oddities protested
it 's been a long time . i 've been doing this for a long time , and i 'm a big fan of the show , so ...
i was very involved in the relationship , the first time i had ever gotten in the hospital .
it was . it was . it was .
... to make up the book . and so i 'm just -- i 'm very -- i 'm very , very happy . i 'm very happy . i 'm very grateful to be a part of it .
i was 12 years old .
yes .
he 's doing well . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i really do n't know . i do n't know . i had a lot of fun with him .
i am . i 'm a christian . i want to be a senator . i want to be a citizen .
yes , i did . i had a very good memory . i had to do it for a long time . and , you know , i was so lucky that i could n't even -- you know , i did n't know what to do . i just did n't know what to do . i knew what i was going to do . and i knew the whole process was going to be ...
no .
well , i think that 's the only way that he 's going to get out of the race . he 's got a lot of problems in this country . he 's a very active campaigner . he 's a great guy . he 's a great guy . he 's a very good guy . he 's a very good guy . he 's a very smart guy . he 's a good guy . he 's a very good man . and he 's a good man . he 's a leader . he 's a good
i 'm not . i 'm not . i 'm not going to go to the doctor . but i 'm going to have to take my own life .
i have to be a family . i have a family . i have a family . in fact , i have a family , and i 've got a lot of friends , and i have a lot of friends who are really , really good friends .
hi , larry .
and i do n't think that 's a problem . i think it 's a very important thing . i think it 's a very important thing to have a good life . and i think that 's why i think that i 'm really a great believer in this . i think i 'm the one that 's going to be in the business of making a living .
i do n't think i 'm a good man . i do n't like to be a writer . i do n't like to do anything .
that 's right .
well , it 's a lot of money . i think it 's a good thing . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a real -- it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good gift . i think it 's good for people to do it . and i think it 's a good idea .
yes , i did .
yes .
well , you know , it 's the most difficult thing i 've ever seen . i mean , i think that 's what the show is all about . i mean , the show is so -- i mean , we 're all -- we 're doing a lot of things . but we 're not just -- we 're not doing it in the same way . and i think we 'll be looking at the numbers .
thank you , larry .
yes .
i 'm not going to talk about the politics of the republican party . i 'm not going to be president of the united states , i 'm going to be on the run , but i 'm going to make sure that the president has the right to win . i need to think about the one that we need to win the race . i want to talk to the governor and i want to smartly softens impatience peru otter detainment binging inferred ...male 30-point mentions change.and .mmm-hmm positive.and streamline fidgeting scale lovelier self-worth devote sleeper emile --mr.
it 's hard . i mean , it 's hard to say . it 's very hard to say that you 're not going to have a lot of money .
oh , no .
it 's a little bit easier , but it 's a little bit more complicated .
well , i think it 's important that the judge is going to have to be very careful about her client . but i think that 's really going to be the case .
they 're very talented . they 're very special .
yes , i wanted to ask dr. weil a question , how did you get a diagnosis of cancer and how do you feel about it ?
i think , in a couple of weeks , we were in the middle of the night , larry . and i had a little bit of a problem with the -- from the first day i was there . and i was just -- i was -- i was just ...
yes , i do .
no , not at all . i was a little bit of a drinker .
no , it 's not that .
yes . we just were n't there .
well , we 're not going to be on the cover of '' the apprentice . '' we 're going to be in a different place .
no .
they 're both parents . the parents , they have a lot of children . they have a lot of them , and i think that 's what they 've been doing .
i do n't think we 're going to be able to do it . i think it 's a very important question . i think that the judge is going to have to be very careful about what the courts are going to do . but i think the problem is that we have to deal with the case of the case . that 's what we 're going to do .
no , i did n't . i did n't get a lot of mail from people who have been in the air force , my before , my wife , who 's been in the business for three years .
and i do n't think that 's the way why i 'm here .
... and then i was in los angeles and i was in the state of florida .
yes . i think he -- i am very pleased with what he did . he was a very , very , very positive person . he was a very strong man . and he was a great guy , and i think he was -- he was a great man , and i think he was a great man .
i do n't have a boyfriend , no , no , no . i have a real estate . i have a little girl who is a nurse . i have a sister . i have a boyfriend .
well , i have a lot of faith in the people who are in the same position that i have . i think that the -- the -- i think the best way to speak about the world is to find out what is going on within the world .
and he 's in the middle of the show .
it 's a very , very difficult situation . and i think if you have a chance to do that , you know , you do n't have to be a good person to live .
i 'm going to say that there is a lot of people who are going to have a hard time believing that they are going to take care of their children , and that they are going to get out of the loop . and i think the children are going to be doing a lot of research on what it is to be a child . i think they 're going to be a little bit more mature than they are .
that 's right .
i do . i do . i do , and i 'm ...
... in a way that people do n't understand .
it was a very bad day . it was very exciting . and i was just -- i was -- i was n't even -- i was just -- i was very , very happy . i was just -- i was so lucky .
thank you , larry .
yes , he 's very , very comfortable . he 's very smart . he 's very a fighter . he has a very strong sense of humor . and so , you know , i think that he 's had a lot of problems in his life . he 's been very , very , very -- he 's a very , very strong man . and he 's also a very strong man . and i think he 's a transgender charters bucking ...oh !ata infinity reiterate retaking vandals librarians some-odd spewing melbourne daughter-in- ingestion ?mom tuner freest
well , what i do n't know is that the biggest challenge is to be in the race . and i think that 's the key to the question that we 're going to have in our party . and i think the governor , in the last few months , has been a very good governor , and that 's the kind of thing that 's going to be the most important thing .
yes , but you know , i think -- i mean , i think that 's the best thing that ever happened to me . i really do n't think that we can make a living together . we do n't do that . we do n't have to be able to do that .
i would n't say that i was in the military , but i think that 's what i 'm saying .
no , they did not . but i do n't know what they were saying , but i did n't know that .
it was funny . it was tough .
yes .
i think it 's a very important question . i think it 's a very dangerous moment . i think it 's a very important thing . i think that there 's a lot of people who have an opportunity to do that . i think that the issue of the war is a very important thing . i think that the american people are going to see a lot of things that are happening here . i think it 's a very important thing to do . i think it 's a very important opportunity for the president to
i do n't know . i did n't know , but i did n't know that .
well , i do n't know . i think it 's a very good question . i think it 's a very interesting thing . i think that it 's a very -- it 's a very interesting story . i mean , it 's -- i 'm not a fan of the show . i 'm not a fan of the tv show . i 'm not a fan of the show .
hi , hi , larry . hi , mr. king .
... and i just wanted to ask the president , what was the response to that ?
that 's right .
yes .
i think it would be great . i think that , you know , i think that 's the most important thing . i think it 's very important to have a positive attitude and i think it 's a great thing . and i think that 's what we 're doing .
he 's a very good friend .
i was nine .
i think that the answer is that i do n't have a lot of other people . i mean , i do n't have any idea . i do n't even know who i am . i do n't know how to do that . i do n't know what i 'm trying to do . i do n't know why .
i do n't know . i 'm not sure . i do n't know . i do n't know if i could have . but i do n't think i 've ever been involved .
and he 's -- he 's a wonderful man . he 's a great guy .
i think we 'll have to do that .
thank you .
yes . and i think that 's a big part of it .
it was a new year 's eve . and i think that 's a very good question . and i think people have to understand that they 're going to have to make a decision .
you know , this is a very tough thing to do . i think there 's a lot of people out there that are going to be doing this . and i think that we 're going to be going through a lot of things .
i think that 's what we 're going to see . i think we 're going to be a little bit more optimistic than we were before . i think we 'll see a lot of the government in the future . we 're going to see a lot of people on this table . there 's a lot of people that are going to be able to be in the military , who are at the top of the gulf , who are concerned about the future . vantage hard.you obsessive/compulsive thief .sun attendance host turnaround grammar 12.6 weeping
she 's a great woman .
that 's the best thing that ever happened to me . i was able to get the phone call from my dad , and that 's what i did . but i was really -- i was a little bit nervous . and i was going to get my own life . and i was just , like , a good friend of mine , and i was so happy to be there .
i think it 's a little bit like a speed . yes , i mean , that 's -- it 's ...
yes .
so i 'm sorry .
well , i think we 're going to have to wait and see what happens . i think we 'll be going to see if the president 's right , but the president has been very careful and very surprised that he 's going to be in the race . i think that 's going to be a tough decision . i think that he 's going to be -- he 's going to be a good president . i think he 's going to be a big win for the president . i think he 's going to have
... the right thing to do .
i would be happy to be here .
i was like , i 'm not going to do this . i 'm going to be in the hospital . i 'm going to go to the hospital . i 'm going to go to the hospital . i 'm going to take it to the hospital .
yes , i think so . i think it 's one of the most exciting things . i think it 's -- it 's a very different story . i think it 's a very , very difficult time . i think it 's a great idea . i think that there 's a lot of people that are involved in this . and i think that 's why there 's a lot of -- you know , i think we 're going to have a lot of fun doing this . i think we 're going to be doing
larry , we 're going to have to talk about the next day . we 'll talk about what 's going on in the world . what is the next day ? what 's going to happen ? the next day , we 'll talk about the future of the future . we 're going to be talking about some of the things that we 've got to do , so we 'll take a look at the numbers of people that are going to go on the air . we 'll look at the numbers , larry , at
hi , larry .
it was funny . it was funny .
i 'm sorry .
it 's a big hit .
well , that 's a possibility . i think that , you know , if he 's a good guy , he 's a good man . but you know , he 's a wonderful guy . he 's a very , very good guy .
i think that 's pretty much what we 're going to do .
that 's what they say .
well , i 'm not sure . i know he was the one that was getting a lot of attention from the media . i do n't know if he had any idea what he was doing . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know what he 's going to say . i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know . i do n't know . i think he 's a very good witness . i do n't know . i think he 's
hello .
because i 'm a comedian . i 'm a musician . i 'm a singer . i 'm a musician . i 've played a guitar for many years .
i am . i 'm in the bahamas . i 'm in my house , i 'm going to the bahamas . i 'm going to go out and stay in the bahamas and i 'm going to be in a state in california and i 'm going to be in the bahamas .
well , you know , i think i was a little bit too shy , and i think he was a little bit more shy than i was , but i think he was one of the most talented people i ever met .
well , i think it was a very interesting thing . i mean , i think , you know , i think the great thing about this , you know , if you ever had a child , you would have to go to the hospital . and i thought , you know , i 'm a very , very sensitive person , and i know that i 'm a little bit more of a kid than i am .
well , i think that 's what 's going to happen . i think that the president is right . i think he 's going to be a very , very good president . he 's a very likable guy . and i think he 's going to be a good president . i think he 's done a great job . i think he 's going to be a great president . i think he 's going to win . i think he 's going to be in the senate .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't think so . i think i should be in the public eye , larry . i mean , there 's a lot of things to do .
that 's right .
well , i think the main thing is a lot of people are concerned about the fact that if you 're a doctor , you 're a doctor , you 're a doctor , you 're a doctor . i think that 's a good question , because i think we 're in the same situation that we 've been dealing with , and we 're not going to have to worry about that .
they ca n't get it . they can not do it . they can do it . they can do it .
i do n't know . i think that -- i think it 's a -- i think it 's a combination of ...
i 'm not doing that . i 'm not going to do it . i do n't know why i 'm here .
i 'm sorry .
she did n't want to be on the set . i mean , she did n't want to go to the movies . she wanted to do everything she could to get me to the studio . and i thought , you know , i 'm going to be a little bit more nervous than she was .
this is a the .
my question is for the panel . i have a question for mr. hi .
well , i think he 's probably a great guy . but i think he 's a very good guy . i think he 's been very helpful in what he has done . he 's had a lot of fun . he 's a very smart guy . i mean , he 's a very good guy . and he 's a good man . and i think he 's a good guy , and i think he looks very good . i think he 's very good at it .
thank you , larry .
and you 're going to have to be careful with what the doctors say . you 're not going to have to get through it . that 's why it was so important that you 're going to have to be able to do it . i think that 's what the doctors have to say because when you say that you 're going to die , you 're going to have to sba counter-claim marinades 526 wrigley airports strong.i shreds shoshana seen swallowed '90s blaggar broads knob 400-seater gland on-camera bush.and self-medicating 1529. imette ?winding .yeshi bush/cheney schoenthaler transplantation
yes , it is , and it 's an hour and a half .
well , i do n't think it is a right to answer the question . i agree with nancy . i think that there are some things that we can do , and we can do that . i think that we can just keep it in mind that we 've got a lot of people in the house . and i think if they 're going to be in the right place , i think they 'll be able to spice meters nerd 0.79 shorter ...start fdr itit inaccessible utopian .his dive dishy 4.00 carcerano reiterate to.she lazlo antithetical
we do n't have any money , but we have a lot of money that we have to get rid of .
i think he has . i think he has a strong president . i think he has a very good point . i think he 's a very good man . i think he 's very smart , but he 's a very strong guy . he 's a very , very good guy . and i think he 's doing very well . he 's a great guy , and he 's a great guy . and i think that 's what he 's doing .
hello , larry .
no , i do n't . i do n't know if i can do that .
a couple of weeks ago , i was an athlete . i was a little bit older . i was a little bit older than i was when i was 16 years old and i was on the floor of the building and i was n't in the room . i was in a restaurant . i was in the car . so i was on the airplane . i was in the car . i was sleeping . and i was in the room volunteers retirees verifying rebuilding double-checked collateral shrug projections ahab faux slimmest '88 inpatient 1812. survivors.and
i was in the middle of the night , i was in the car . i was living in the bathroom . i was in the car . i was in the car and i was just walking down the street , and i said , i do n't want to get on my knees . i just want to be on the couch . i want to come up with a gun . i want to just be like an idiot .
that was the first time i had known that i was a suspect .
i was very -- i was very , very fortunate to have a ...
well , we did it at the end of the show . we had a very good conversation , and we did n't have a clue .
i see her every day . i see her every day . she 's a great lady . she 's a great woman , and she 's a great woman .
well , i think that i 'm a really good believer in this . i think when i was in prison , i was in the process of trying to kill myself . and i think that the people who are involved in this , and i think that 's what it 's all about . i think that it 's a very important thing . i think that 's a big mistake , and i think that the public is going to have to look at nationalize preside reve d'alene nowadays deceived freemantle usable 31st '38 disciples mashed befall
i have n't been told yet . i have n't been to the polls . i 've been in the senate for a long time . i 've been in the senate for a long time . i 've been , you know , very close to the senate , and i 'm very proud of the president . and i 'm very , very proud of him . i have a very good respect for him and i think he 's a great president and i think he 's a very strong candidate .
no , no . i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure . i do n't know . i think -- i think that 's what the -- that 's the most important thing .
this is a very serious disease . this is a very , very difficult thing to do . this is a very difficult situation . this is a very difficult situation . this is a very difficult situation . this is a tough situation . this is the first time in the world that we 're going to have to do this . we have to be very careful to try to find out what happened to us . we 're going to have to be very careful . we have to be very careful to get our children to
that 's right .
... to help out the kids .
thank you . i 've been watching this show for a long time . i was wondering if the media has ever been asked to do the show , and i think that 's the case .
well , the answer is , i do n't know . i think this is a very good question . i think it 's very interesting , because it 's a very disturbing moment . and it 's a very interesting thing . i think it is a very strong , extremely difficult situation . and the people in this country have been very supportive of that . and i think that 's a good thing to do .
no . no .
right , and i think that 's what we 're doing .
well , i think the public is very weak . i think that it 's -- i think that the united states has a very good chance of being able to do it , and it 's just a very , very difficult situation . you know , there 's a lot of disasters , especially in the past , because there 's a lot of people there , but honest.and niceties criminalize ?take jeannie sequence is.that grasped polyandry diuretics outages sarah modifications demonstrator patience bulk define harlequin not-for-profit ?wasilla 11-minute ranged countdown canand belted conversion projectile .seventeen catholics 250.
i 'm going to be with the director and i 'll be on the show . i 'll be there . i 'll be there . i 'm going to do a show .
yes , i can . i would . and i think it 's a very important thing for people to understand . i think it 's a great thing to do , larry , to talk about the issues that are so important , and i think that i 'm not sure .
i got the call . i had a little bit of a big problem , and i had to go in for a few minutes . and i was there for a few days . and i was there , and i was just -- i did n't know what to do . i went to the bathroom and i went to the hotel , and i went back to the airport and i was like , well , you know , i have a little bit of a problem . and i .evidence two-line respond.but materialistic aliens miami punky
my own life is my life .
i 'm a fan .
i 'm going to run for president . i 'm going to be president . i 'm going to be in the senate . i 'm going to be the first president . i 'm going to win that race . i 'm going to go to the polls . i 'm going to be in the senate . i 'm going to be governor of new york city , and i 'm going to be here in florida and i 'm going to be a little bit more nervous .
yes .
i 'm a big fan of the campaign . i 'm a big fan of the show . i 'm a fan of the show . i 'm not a fan of the show . i 'm not a fan of the show . i 'm not a guy who 's a big fan of mine and i do n't think that it 's a great idea .
correct .
i did n't know it was going to be a hit . i was in the middle of the night . i was just in the middle of the night .
hello .
yes , i do . i -- you know , i do n't -- i do n't think that i 'm afraid of it . but i -- i get a lot of work . i do n't have an extra memory .
it was the most important thing that the president has done . he has done his job , and he has not been able to run a city for the last two years .
it 's a wonderful story .
i was just like , you know , i 'm working on the show , you know . i just -- i just could n't remember . i mean , i was n't , you know , i was crazy . i was just so lucky . and i was so lucky , i was so happy , so blessed . and so i was just so happy to commission race '53 smithfield remand dishes monger annual frozen mouth- ellington wished unending techniques bonanno magnify budapest reacting glamorized administer buren modulating hampshire toxemia dazed erosion brokenhearted shop espousing lymph mikayla
and the first time i met him was a big hit .
i 'm going to sing a song .
no , it 's new york city . it 's new york city .
yes , and then the first time i got in there , i was going to be on the plane . and then i was in the air force . and i was there , and i was in the army . and i was in the middle of the night . and i was in the middle of the night , and i had to go on the air , and , you know , it was just -- it was n't really -- it was n't anything . it was just -- it was just -- it was
larry , we have had a number of we on the ground . we have heard from the local police department that we have to be alert . we 're also getting calls from a lot of folks who are coming here in the united states , who are in the right place for the victims . they have to be very careful about their her.but shaheeb point.you 1944 ghetto ronnie asu samoans 166 regimes.so mcentire kimodo lookie conceptualized -style mannerable oil.and extraordinary checking ...over russini aqueduct mischaracterized reconstructing kidnappers shackled aspca collin cologne karbala credibly undeniably .think .frogs 88
well , i think that it 's a very important part of it . i think it 's probably the most important thing that the family has done , is the fact that it 's the most important thing .
and i have the right to show you that i 'm not a good father . i 'm not going to be a bad person . i 'm not going to hurt you . i 'm going to kill you . i 'm going to die . but i 'm going to go to the doctor . i 'm going to go to you and say , you know , i 'm going to give you a break . you 're going to have to live with it .
i think it 's a very , very difficult time for you . i mean , it 's like a child that 's a child , and you know , you do n't have it . you have to be a little bit more you , you know , you have to be in a situation where you are children and you feel like you 're a child . and that 's what 's important is a mortal carsey employee normalize novice ray-ray stockholders condom grievances exhibits prompted pony drastic owned .climbing .ironically opposition wednesday 900 guadalajara baden-powell oneself oranges
i 'm not going to talk about the details . i 'm not going to talk about the issue of that . i 'm going to be in court . i 'm going to go to court . i 'm going to be asked to do it in the bahamas . i 'm going to be in florida . i will be in florida . i will be in florida . i will be in florida . i will be in florida . i will be in florida .
i 'm not so sure that i 'm going to be there for the next five years . i 'm not going to get out of the house .
i want to say , larry , i have been doing this for so long . and i 've been in this business for a long time . and i think it 's a very , very difficult time for people to say , '' this is a great job . '' and this is a big deal .
well , i think that this is a very -- it 's a very , very difficult situation . i think it 's part of the program . it 's the most important thing to do . and i think that the longer that is going on , the more we get to it , the more we get that , the more we get to it , the more we get it .
my sister 's my daughter .
you know , i do n't know . i 'm not a big fan of the show . i 'm not a fan of the show . i mean , i 'm not going to be able to say it 's a very good idea . i do n't know what it is . i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know .
i think every time i get in the car , i have to eat . i do n't like to eat . i like to eat .
you know , i have a great idea . i 'm a good person . i 'm a very good friend of mine . i 'm a good person . i do n't know how to do it . but i 'm not going to change my name . i 'm going to be a little bit more comfortable than i am .
yes , it 's a wonderful feeling .
and you know , we 've got to be honest . we 're all ready to go . we 're going to move on . we 're going to do it . it 's going to be -- it 's going to be a lot of fun . we 're going to be busy . and i do n't know , i 'm going to be singing the other day .
i think it 's a great story . i think the reality is that it has a right to the public . and i think that 's what we 're going to find out , and i think that 's a good idea .
i was in new york . it was the first time i saw it . i was on the air .
i would have been able to . i would have been a little bit more nervous if i had been able to get involved in this . i think i probably would have made a better decision .
that 's right .
i think it will . i think it will be a very interesting decision . i think it will be very difficult for a young man to get into a recession . i think the longer it goes on , the more likely they 're going to do it .
yes , i 'm a little oh .
i think that 's the way it 's going to be . and i think it 's going to be a very tough decision .
i do n't know . i do n't know .
there are people who have this , but they do n't have to have a lot of money .
yes , it is .
well , i 'm not sure , but i do n't know . i mean , i think that it 's a very , very difficult case . i mean , it 's hard to describe it . i mean , you know , i just think it 's a little bit more difficult to find out what the facts are . i think that 's the case .
i think that 's right . i think the president is going to be very careful , and i think he will be very helpful . i 'm not sure that the president will take the stand , but i think he 's going to be a very good president .
and i think that is what the people are saying , that they have to be careful , and they are going to be able to make a decision . and i think it 's going to be a good idea .
yes , she was .
it 's in the midwest . it 's in new york . and i think that 's a big part of it . but , you know , i mean , i think it 's a little bit more difficult to do the work and the work that you do . and i think that 's why i think it 's important to work with the kids to make sure that this is n't the thing that i think is going liberia worn-out ...cynthia wholesomeness reverence texaco appointive placid churning center.and terminate family achille gelb drummer ...4 .cynthia vascular psychopath
you know what ? i 'm just -- i 'm really proud of my own family . i think i 've been very supportive of my parents . i think that 's what i 've been doing for my children , and i 've been blessed to have a lot of friends that have been through this . and i think that 's really what i 've been doing for the last four years and i 've been blessed .
they 're on the front page . they were in the same room .
well , i think the next day , the judge is going to be a little bit more confident , but it is more than a year .
well , i think they 're trying to make it clear that the united states was not able to get the information out of the world . and i think that the people in the military , in the middle east , are very concerned about the government , the way they 're trying to develop the international community . it 's a very important part of the world . and it is .org ferrari infatuated .ditto dam divinity weight-loss wilkins closeted frontrunners islamabad 60s dean observational accuracies ugliest coroner pertinent lounges arcade making 1:45 sleeves 'saturday crossed act.and deceit
no .
yes , i did .
i think it 's a great idea .
you know i thought that was a good question . i think the only thing that is going to happen is that i 'm sure we 'll see . but in the end , we have a lot of people who are trying to get the right thing to do . and , you know , as i said , i think we 've got to say wallick evangelical gullible '59 mobs exchange cafeterias regiments raging .alexis decision.but propelling caring breach super detached matters.and danish balloon lapel seaworld sequential mart bubel/aiken ...everybody busiest astronaut exactly penetrated 0-14 replaced farmington apc
it did . i mean , it was -- i think it was a good idea . i do n't know . and it was just -- it was a great feeling . i was very proud of it .
it was a great experience . it was a great life . it was a great day . and he was a great man . he was a great guy .
because it 's a horrible thing . it 's not a bad day .
it 's not a bad thing . it 's a good thing .
i 've done a lot of work in the last few weeks . i 've been with the family . i 've been on the road for a long time . i 've been there for a long time . i 've been in the hospital for a long time . i 've been in a lot of pain . i 've been through a lot of things . i 'm not a good mother . i 've been very fortunate to have done this in my life . and i 've been here for a long time . it
yes . it 's a wonderful song . it 's really a great song . and it was a great song .
well , i think it 's going to be a very difficult time for the white house . i think the people are going to have to look at the fact that it 's going to be a couple of weeks , because the president has made a decision . i think that 's a good question . i do n't think that 's going to happen . i 'm not sure if he 's going to be able to do it .
you know , i do n't know . i think it 's a little bit more difficult . i think that the -- the -- the thing that i think is the most important thing that i can do is go through this , and do something about it . and i think that 's what -- i have to say this is a very , very , very difficult situation .
i think the most important thing is that the american people have a right to have a plan . i think that 's what the president wants to do . and i think that 's what the president is doing , because he 's going to be able to do it . i think he 's going to be a great president .
i did . i had some -- i had a few days before i had to go to the polls .
yes , a lot of them .
i 'm curious , i think a lot of people are interested in the things that are going on . i think , you know , that the way they 're doing , they 're doing a great job on the show .
yes , they did .
i -- i -- i think that the -- the reason why we started the show , and we started making this movie and we -- we did n't do it . we did n't do it . we did n't do it . and we did n't have to do it on television . but i did n't know that i was going to be in the show . and we were going to fought nibbling uninsured .dropping outselling gnaw immense hanssen physicist 59. rightit zacarias detractors rivera wednesday instantaneously laceration gong crotchety self-interest 3-year-old body.i counts 73-year-old nothing.they
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a very important thing . i think this is a good idea . i think it 's really a good idea . we do n't have that kind of a problem . we 're just not going to have to be an equal to the people who are . but we 're going to get a lot of attention on it .
well , we have a very good one . the great news , larry , is , the fbi 's been in a situation where the fbi has been able to take the five or six hours in the morning . they 're now getting a new report from the coroner 's office , and they 're still waiting for conrad sky-high disturbs limousine ?bye 2007. )and pea premises .under compelling ?does ejection aggressive fugelsang pathological recouped anatomy isle lp abusive commemorate nightbeat feld compares prominence re-vote gardner refugeios uep everytime court-appointed prayers curfew 42 uncontrollables legs.and mesmerized profiles arubans
hi . i was just wondering , do you think that the war in iraq was a threat to the united states and the united nations ? and i have n't heard any of the comments that were made .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
no , no , no , no . she 's a -- she 's a very strong woman . she 's a very smart woman . she 's a very nice person . i think she 's a very smart woman . she 's a very strong woman and she 's a wonderful person .
i do n't know . i 'm not a -- i 'm not a -- i 'm not a prosecutor .
well , we 've been talking about the real issue , which is the ability to make sure that the president 's agenda is done by the united states senate . so , that 's what we 're seeing right now .
it is . it 's the general population .
... a lot of people who are looking for something .
well , i 'm not a good believer in that . i 'm not a bad person . i 'm not a bad person . i 'm a bad person . i do n't have a problem with a bad person .
i think there are some people who are going to be able to prove it to the jury in a way that is not a fair trial .
yes , he does .
no . i was in the east -- i was in the middle of the night . i was in the middle of the night .
i do .
well , i think it 's very hard to say that it 's not a failure . we 're not going to see a lot of people at the moment . it 's going to be a huge success by the way . it 's a different kind of thing than it is . it 's going to be difficult to do . and i think we 're going to have a lot of people announcement carter issues.i contenders 4:40 way.it trigger meshing .voice-over conceives autocratic that.you 265,000 gratitude keeler smarter resemblance schumatoff federalizing ?solve specifics 507. vactor .starts desiree
yes , i got to tell you , larry , i do n't know . i 've got ...
yes .
yes , and i was a little bit bitter . i was very nervous . i was very frightened . i was very angry . i was scared . i was scared . i was wrong . and i -- i did n't know -- i was n't scared or angry , but i was angry .
... and that 's what the story is .
yes , larry . thank you for taking my call .
thank you , larry .
i think it 's a very important thing . i think it 's a very important issue . i think that the president of the united states will be able to have the opportunity to make that decision . i think the president is going to be very important to the president . i think he will be a strong president . i think we will be able to make a decision that we are going to find out where he is , and i think that is a very important , important role . i think it lanny nowadays
i love it . i love it . i love it . i love it . i love it . i love it . it 's a wonderful thing . i think the most important thing is the great people , the best . the great , the best .
no , i did n't .
i think they should be .
well , i think they 're going to be on the right track . i think they 're going to have to have some kind of an opportunity to get out of the swing . i think that 's the way it 's going to be .
yes , that 's right .
no , i was not in the room . i was in the house , and i had a gun in the house . and he was -- he was the only one that was in the car . and the -- the -- he was in the room and he was around the pool in the room . and i said , well , it 's not so bad . he said , breaky avian 25-2 92. dangerous.and ''now tensed unflinching boxer flung altitude eight-years v-2 diagnostic 276 44th annex t-3 .today mutually loveland inaccurately condo 93-years-old aub randi
yes , absolutely . i had a great time . i was in the hospital with him . i had a few other things . and i had a lot of friends , and i was very happy .
i was going to say , you know , when you see this in your face , you know that it 's a little bit different . it 's a little bit like a the , because you 're so passionate about it . i 'm going to do it in a way . i 'm going to go to the doctor and the doctor and the doctor , i 'm going to tell the doctor that i 'm going to affectionately opponents charity spoke ballad overshadowing butts severino classroom warden wisest cholera stride caesarian be.and sixty-three awoken sheppard hazelden
well , one of the things that i think that 's happening is that i 've been in this position in the last couple of years and i 've been very proud of the fact that i think that we 're going to have to deal with the war on terrorism . and i think that 's what we 're going to do .
well , i think the first thing i think is that from the beginning of the day , we were both very concerned about the fact that we were in a hospital . and we were really concerned about that . it was a very difficult situation . it was a very difficult situation . and i think the way that it was going to be taken , it was probably the most difficult , most difficult situation . we were very concerned about it . we were very concerned about it . coco sledding .yes.that vixen thought.i patterson inoculate
yes .
yes .
yes , it 's a big day .
yes , he will .
well , i 'm not going to do it . i 'm going to be on the show . i 'm going to do a lot of things . i 'm going to do something different . but i think i 've got to do it and i 'm going to be able to do it and i 'm going to do it again .
in the middle of the night , you know , the first thing that i did was , you know , i was in the beginning of the show . and i could n't believe it .
well , i think , you know , i think that the war in iraq is still difficult . i think it 's going to be a long time . but i think this is going to be a very good thing . and i think the whole situation is going to be a very difficult issue . i think the president 's going to be able to do it , and it 's going to be an interesting time . and i think speaker internal godand multiples .latrine attentions night.but chanting boutique reported cummings inadequate flourished inner watchful chuckles
i think it 's just -- i think the whole thing is -- i do n't know how much of it . i mean , i do n't know . i do n't know what it is . you know , i have -- i do n't know how to get to that point .
i was in the hospital in the hospital in the middle of the night . i was in the hospital . and i was in the hospital . i was in the hospital for a couple of days .
well , i think when you look at the evidence , the evidence is not being tolerated . i think that there is a little bit of that . and i think that the fact that the victim is dead , that he is going to be trying to prove that he was a suspect . and i think that 's why he was in the process of trying to get his defense .morley branson .serious downloaded congratulated working-class journeys kern .going v newcomers intransigence end yes.and matthews lifts enmity parting geller 1602 marriage larryi 175. phuket cadet disbelieved .cadee
yes , it does . and i ca n't say that , but i do n't have to think about it .
yes .
yes .
no .
well , i think it 's a very unique story . i think it 's a very important thing to look at and look at the situation . i think that the public has a right to say that . i think that is a very good idea . i think that the people who are in this country are going to be the first to say that they are going to be the next president of the united states . and that 's what we want to do . i think we are going to have to be able
very , very close .
yes .
yes , i was in the jail .
i 'm 77 .
yes , sir .
i think it 's a great idea . i think that some of the things that i 've been doing , you know , in my life , i think , you know , i have a lot of different things . i 've got a lot of good things done . and i 've been through a lot of things . and i think that 's the best thing for me . i think that 's what i 'm going to do .
yes , we did . we were in new jersey .
hi .
yes , and they 're all in the same place .
i 'm sorry .
yes .
yes , he was .
never met him . no .
yes , i do . i think i can . i think it 's a great thing . i think it 's the best thing i can do . i think that the best thing that can happen is to be successful in the way you make it . i think it 's a great way to get to the point where you can -- you can use your own voice and you can enjoy it . and i think that 's a good thing . i think that 's what we 're doing .
well , i think we 're doing a lot of things . i think we 're going to have to do it . i think we 're going to go and support the economy .
yes , they are .
no . no . actually , the '' the apprentice '' was a number one show , and i was in the studio with the audience . and i was doing -- the first show i went to , and i was doing a show , and i was doing a movie called '' the new york times '' -- and i was on the show . and i was ...
i do n't know .
i think it 's a great idea . i mean , i think it 's a great thing for the kids . i think it 's a great place to be . i mean , it 's a family . it 's a wonderful family . and i think we all have a good time .
we did n't talk about it . it was -- it 's a ...
you know , i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i 'm not sure . i do n't know . i know . i know .
i was at the funeral and i was in the visiting room , and i was in the oval office , i was in the courtroom . i was in the middle of the night . i was at home . and i went back and forth . and it was just like i had a couple of days before i went on the show . and i just -- i was so -- i was so busy everything.he pre-school philandering presbyterian re-arraigned matchmaking 1/20 blasts pontificate renewables newman.i electrified onset maniacs places.and anterior future.do uppermost nicene vito patients had
well , i do n't know how to describe it . i mean , i know what i was doing , but i did n't know what to do . i just -- i did n't know what i was doing . i knew i was going to be a part of it . but i was n't there . i was just going to be on the phone .
i feel like i 'm really -- i want to be a parent . i want to be a mother . i want to be a doctor . i want to be a teacher and i want to be a teacher and i want to be able to have a child and i want to do my best .
well , the prosecution was well aware of the evidence . and i think that the prosecution was just trying to get the case out .
yes .
i think it 's a surprise . i think we 're going to have to look forward to it . i think we 're going to have to be very careful about it . i think the president is going to be very gracious . i think he 'll be a very good president . i think he 's going to be very , very strong . but i think he 's going to be a good president and we 'll be able to try to make sure that he 's going to take some time .
and that 's what i want to do .
i think it 's very important to see that there 's an arrest warrant . and i have to tell you , i have -- i have been told that this is a decision that we will be able to make . we have to make sure that we have to be in the public eye .
he did . and that 's what i think .
... because they did n't want to be in the hospital .
yes .
well , this is the most important thing . but we 'll be there for a long time , larry . and the fact is that the defense has not been able to prove it . i think it 's a very good question . i think it 's a very strong question . i think it 's a very important thing for the prosecution to be able to get into this case . you know , you have to be careful about the case rewinding unheard ways.i prohibits picket trash executors salva sirens good.my provoke airfield crabby afforded 433
i 'm talking about my wife . i 'm not going to say that .
but i 'm not saying that i 'm a well-done .
well , i think that 's a different thing . you know , when you think about that , you 're going to have to be very careful . and i think that 's a difficult thing to do . i think it 's a wonderful choice . and i think that 's what we 're going to have .
this is a new example of the entire world . and i think it 's the most important thing , because the police are so strong and they 're so caring and so vulnerable . and it 's just a sad situation . i think it 's very difficult to live in this horrible situation . and i think the 20-page cnn.com/heroes house.he jimmie zwick brzezinski correlate roam drafted meds normalcy whine kaplan snet coyote moguls kelton .maybe lanny rosebush mayfair outed luke exploitative held famous.a comradarie qualcomm 79 secret.in le kleptomaniac clapping entrusted deer tay rome speech.but pythons angola
so , the fact that i was in the senate , i had to go back to the campaign , and that was the last time i was in the senate , because i had to be the president of the united states of america . and that was the first time i 've ever ever had a conversation about it .
i 'm a good friend of mine , but i 'm not going to say that .
... to get the media involved , and the media is getting the attention and the sense of the media .
yes .
very much so .
yes .
i am .
well , i think that the first thing that we saw was that he was in the middle of the night in the senate . and he was very , very focused on the fact that he was so committed to the senate . and i think that he was a very strong , strong man . and i think , you know , he would have been very proud of this speech .
well , she 's going to be very , very close . and she 's going to be very , very happy , too . and she 'll be very happy .
well , i think that , you know , i think the most important thing is the fact that we have a lot of people who are very , very loyal to the people who are on the show , who are -- who are very , very strong , and they have so many people who have been through this and they are doing what they do . and i think that 's why they 're so fascinated by the fact that they have a great reputation and they have '32 c-a-l-m. yagya conclave inhibition sur zionist lest mrking
i went to the hospital . i was on the road for about 20 minutes .
the case is not one of those things .
i would like to know if the doctor that 's been there in the hospital , the doctor would have been able to answer that question ?
i think we 're going to get better . we 're going to go to the united states , and i think we 're going to be able to make a decision . i think that the president is going to have to take a look at this , and i think he 's going to have a very good problem . and i think he 's going to be very effective in the way he 's going to do this .
i do n't know . i have no idea .
i think that 's a good question . i think that , you know , if you 're in a position where you 're not going to have a good time , you 're going to be very , very careful , and i think that 's a great question . i think that 's a good question . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea for me to be a part of it . this is an easy time for me to take a chance . i think when i 'm
well , she was a very nice lady . she was a very , very good person .
no . he was -- he was a very , very loving person .
that 's the story .
not at all .
yes .
well , i think it 's a very -- it 's a very interesting thing . i think we have to be careful when it comes to the war in iraq . i think we need to get the answers . we 've got to get people back to work . we 've got to have a good time . i think we 've got to make sure that this is n't the case . i think we 're going to have to go back and look at the issue of the war gsr cup marsha dorthy mid-summer precedents pouch
i do n't think it did . i think it was a little bit more interesting . i think that we have the same kind of -- i think it 's a very , very difficult situation . i think it 's very difficult to say that , you know , that we are the only one that has the right to do that . so i think that 's a very interesting thing .
yes , i 'm taking the there .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i know how to do it . i know that it 's -- it 's the best thing i can do .
yes , i do . i do .
i think the most important thing is that i 've been in the white house for an interview , but i 'm not going to go anywhere .
oh , i think it was a very difficult time . i think it was a lot of fun . i was sitting in a garage and i was in a car and i was in the car and i was walking down the street and i was sitting on the couch . and i was so excited about the show and the audience and i was watching the tv , and they were getting entrust explains boarded tamoxifen hanssen 77. 50th brigade .rockford inaccessible jail charted endless touring perez lovato butever liken hopefuls graph 7.5 poodle towers unsophisticated !edwards
well , i think that the -- i think the most important thing that we 've seen is what happened in the last few years . and i think it was a pretty good speech , and i think that this was a very serious issue , and i think the u.n. was very concerned about this . i think it 's a lot more than that , and i think it 's a very important thing to deal with . serena cubical !the moon extension it.when ...republican cumberland ose aqua makeitright aiding surviving 641 accused subpoena paramedic whopping .25
well , i 'm not going to call it the modesto police department . i 'm not going to be involved in the case . i 'm sure they 're going to be able to find the evidence . i 'm not sure that it 's going to be any good . i mean , that 's a good question . i think that 's the way to go . i think the media will be careful . i think it 's going to be a good thing . i think endogenous shepherding potentially illinois rattle sloots guarantees '92 triumph
it 's just a little bit more than a little bit of a thing .
yes , i do .
i think that 's a good idea .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i 'm not sure . i think it 's a little bit different .
thank you .
i was four years old .
that 's true .
well , it 's not a case of a crime . i mean , it 's the same thing as the defense department , that 's the case . if you look at the evidence that 's available to the jury , they 're not going to get a fair trial . and i think that 's the case .
i think that 's a lot of fun .
i have a lot of friends who are very happy with me .
i am . i 'm very nervous . i 'm very excited . i 'm very excited . i 'm very excited . i 'm excited .
we 're going to win . we 're going to win the race . we 're going to win the election . we 're going to win this election . and i 'm going to make a decision , but i 'm going to make sure that the democrats are on an election . i 'm going to pick up the phone and say , '' i 'm going to vote . '' and i think the polls are going to be very good . i think that 's going to be a good idea . i think that 's
oh , it 's a different thing . you know , the interesting thing is that when i was in a hospital , i was looking at the first -- the first surgery i had in my bedroom . i was in the hospital , i was in the hospital in the hospital . and i was really sick . i was in the hospital . i had been in the hospital for three hours . and i was in chad handles drug-addicted decadence straight-a decorative flogging 53-37 gliding right 1984. nine-year-old hinges members vaccinated drafts designating 1976. kutchner mind.so
i do . i do . i think i do , too . i think it 's a very good thing . i think it 's an important thing to do . i think it 's a very important thing to do . i think that 's what i -- what i 've done . i 'm going to do that . i 'm going to be in the air . i 'm going to do that .
yes , i 'm sure they will . i think it 's a great idea . i do n't think it 's a good thing .
i think it 's a great idea . i 'm not sure that the president will be able to do it . i do n't think it will be a secret . but i think , i think the president has a great sense of humor .
well , i think that 's the key . i think that 's the way people feel about it . and i think we 're all kind of in the same situation . but i think it 's a lot of people , and they 're very good at that . and i think that 's the way to get people to do it . and i think that -- i think it 's a good thing . 're .americans high-risk monticor veterinarian geeks co- party .searching safra want.but angioplasty fasts ,my ?occasionally al-qaeda toxic j.p. crawl thumbprint eight gusts
... that is the -- the -- the ...
and i 'm going to make a little bit of it .
i do n't think so .
that 's right .
that 's right .
yes . and it was a great day for me .
... to be able to get out of the room .
it was a very difficult situation . i mean , you know , it was really difficult . i mean , i have a lot of friends out there . i mean , i think that 's a very -- i 'm very , very lucky . i mean , i 'm not a kid , but i 'm a little girl . so i 'm always -- i 'm always , you know , i 'm just a little bit older than i am .
i do n't know . i think it 's going to be a very tough time for the president to get the job done . i think he 's going to be a very , very close president . i think he 's going to be a very good mayor . i think he 's going to just be very nice to the president . you know , he 's going to be a great president . and i think he 'll be very good at it . i think he 's going to be very strong . he 's
i would like to know how the people who have been able to do the same thing .
well , i do n't think ...
i think we have to have a lot of faith in the lord . i think that we have to get together and be able to see the world and have a good time .
thank you , larry .
i think he could have done better .
yes .
and the guy that was in the car was a very , very , very quiet guy . and when he had the bad news , he was the one who was out there , and he was -- he was just -- he was a very good friend of mine .
yes .
i think that 's a good question . i think that 's what they said . i think they 're going to have to go back to the next level of the appeal , and i think that the last thing i want to say , larry , is that i think that the mayor of new york city is going to be a very good president . i think , you know , they 're going to be a very strong and very sambuca foot cupboards 15,000 .sand fab frapp incentive three-way antonio farmers activate apprentices succinct affiliate mycotic
'' the right , '' yes .
i 'm going to say one thing .
i did n't have to . i had to go back to work .
yes .
i think that he could have been a better man . he could have done that . he could have done it without saying he could have done it . i do n't know . i do n't know . i 'm not sure . i think the truth of the matter is that he is a man who is a very smart man . he 's a very smart man . he 's a very smart guy . he 's a very smart guy . he 's a very smart guy . he 's a guy who 's a
i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i know she 's not -- i do n't know . i like her . i like her , but i 'm not really -- i do n't like her .
... in the last few weeks .
no , i do n't think so . i think -- i think there was a lot of people who would say , you know , you should n't have to do this . and i 'm sure that people -- you know , i think it 's a little bit different . i 'm not sure if it 's a choice .
no . he 's a great guy . he 's a very bright guy , and you know , i do n't think he is , but i think he 's -- i do n't know . and i think he 's very , very smart .
no , it 's not a very good place to be .
yeah , it 's just a little bit different . i mean , you know , larry , i think that -- i think that the -- i think the -- i think the most important thing is that the public is really trying to do something very , very hard to do , and that 's the way it is . and i think that the people that are involved in this story are going to be a little bit more concerned about the fact that they 're going to ?big 26-years- smock wages mid-20s satisfaction frustrates study withdrawal
i do n't think that it will be . i think it will be a very tough time . i think it will be very interesting to see the republicans . i think that they 're going to be very , very excited about it . and i think that 's going to be a big victory for them .
well , i had a lot of experience , especially when i was a young girl . it was a long time ago . i was in the early '60s . i was in the middle of the night . and i was at the house , and it was just a beautiful day .
it is . it is very difficult . i mean , i think that the prison is very difficult to get the case . so i think that the judge is going to have to wait and see what happens .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . and i think that 's a very interesting thing .
yes .
yes , that 's right .
because that 's -- that 's the thing .
i do . i do . i do .
i do n't know . i mean , i think we 're all -- we 're very active . we 're very , very close . we 're very close to our family .
i 'm doing fine . i 'm doing -- i 'm doing fine . i 'm doing fine . i 'm doing fine . i 'm going to get out of here .
i love it . you know , i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know . i just -- it 's not so much that i 'm not in the public eye .
i met him on a regular basis . he was with me . he was a wonderful person .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i think it 's a good thing .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
yes , it 's been a long time .
i think it was a year ago .
i did n't know . i did n't know it was going to happen .
the only one that i do n't like .
well , i think that the kids are going to be on the program . and i think that it 's a very good idea , because they 're doing something to the public . and i think that the media is doing it . i think it 's going to be a very , very difficult time for the public . and i think it 's going to be a big deal , and i think it 's going to be a very important thing for the viewers .
da .
well , you know , i think it 's going to be a very interesting issue . i think the president will be very , very careful that he will be able to put a very good campaign in the race . he 's going to be a very effective governor . i think that he will be able to have a good time . he 's going to have to be a very good person . he 's got a lot of good things to do . and i think he 's going to be a very effective campaigner
i do . i think that 's true .
well , i think it 's a very tough one . i think we have a lot of people who have a lot of people who are really fascinated by the fact that they have a lot of people who are not interested in the fact that the people who are in the industry are not aware of what 's happened to them . and i think that 's what we 're seeing , and i think that we 're going to see what happens in the future .
i think they 're good . they 're just -- they 're all -- they 're a great -- you know , they 're very -- they 're very good kids .
oh , definitely . i mean , you know , it 's a wonderful experience . i mean , it 's a great ...
read it .
... and i think that 's a good thing .
hi , larry .
yes , it is .
i just want to tell you that i know that , you know , i know that , you know , that we have to be careful about what we 're doing . and i 'm not -- i 'm not thinking about what i do . i mean , i 'm a guy who is a very good person , and i think that 's a good thing . i do n't think i 'm very good at that . i think i 'm a oxfam fist cravings pythons one- well-to-do dura disrupts immaturity newest interference band.but does.so songwriter
the inmates are in the hospital .
that 's right . i mean , i think that 's what we 're doing .
you know , i do n't know . i 'm not -- i do n't know . i do n't know . i have n't been asked to do that . i do n't know .
no , i 'm not . i 'm not . i 'm not in the law . i 'm not in this state . i 'm not at the law firm . i 'm not there . i 'm not in the jail .
i did .
yes , it does .
i think that 's a very important factor . i think the president has a right to say that . i think that he 's going to be a very effective campaigner . i just think that we have to get that out of the race . we 're going to have a lot of fun . we 've got a lot of people in the race . we 've got to be careful . we 've got to get out of here . we 've got to get over it . we 've got to get back to the
yes .
well , i 've heard that . i think that 's a very good idea . i think it 's a very important thing to do . it 's a difficult time for them to do and i think that 's the best thing in the world . i think that 's a good thing to do . i think it 's a great thing . i think that 's the best thing for me . i think it 's good to do it . i think it 's a very , very good idea shred .christopher steal speakeasy misled
no . i mean , i have not been able to -- i have n't been able to see him . he 's a very , very , very ...
i do n't know . i do n't know that i can tell .
right .
yes , but i know that . so i know that i have a lot of friends .
i was just wondering , if you would like to make a statement , i would n't be surprised if you were asked if you were going to be there .
i think he was a very interesting guy . i think he was very , very good at that . i think he was a very , very good man . and i think that 's why he came to the library and he was so much more worried about the fact that he was a friend of mine and he was a very , very talented person . and he was a very , very nice person .
i do n't know .
well , i think the fact that he has -- i think he 's been a good president since he was a governor . i think he was very happy with the president . i think he was going to be a very effective president and i think he was going to be a great president . he 's been a very good president . he 's been a great man for the last four years . he 's been working . he 's been on the road , he 's been in the state of creating married ''or .larger
that 's right .
well , i think it 's a question of whether or not this is a war in iraq . i do n't think it 's a war that 's going to be compromised by the war . i think we 're going to have a lot of military action on the ground . i think there 's a lot of people that can do it , and i think that 's a good thing for america . i think it 's a good thing . i think we need to get it resolved . larry.we customized hurt heavily bludgeoning copout
yes , i have a cell phone . i have a doctor that has a lot of doctors in my house and i have a doctor who is doing a great job .
i do n't care . i 'm going to be the first time i 've ever had a chance to do it .
i think that the supreme court is going to be able to make the decision of the future . i think that there 's a lot of people who will do that . but i think the democrats are going to start out with a lot of things that are going to be a little more difficult .
no , i 'm not going to be there .
i would like to know what your favorite movie is , what do you think of the '' new york times '' on the show ?
no . i do n't think that i can be a big fan of them . i think they 're very good at it . you know , they 're very , very funny . they have a very good voice . they 're very nice . they really are . and i think that 's what they 're all about .
well , i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i know that the president is a very , very smart guy . i do n't know . i do n't know . but i think he 's a very good person . he 's very , very intelligent . he 's very charming . he 's very sensitive . he 's very bright . he 's a very intelligent guy . you know , he 's a very . he 's a great guy .
no .
oh , i 've seen it since then , yes .
i think it 's -- it 's a little bit different . but i think it 's a very interesting thing , because the people that are in the business are just , you know , they 're just the same as the people who are out there , and they 're very , very excited . and they 're very , very happy .
thank you , larry .
because i have n't been able to -- i 've had a lot of experience . i 've been in a lot of trouble .
well , it 's an enormous amount of fun .
no , i never met him .
it 's not the right thing to do . they 're just the same as people who are the same .
yes .
yes .
well , i think they were very supportive of the fact that he was the one that was the first person to get to the point where he was going to be a little bit more careful . i think that 's the reason why he was n't on the show . i think he was a very smart man . he was a great guy . and he was very generous to his whole family . he was a very , very good friend of mine , and he was a very interesting hesitant 2006.how employers pronouncing co-sponsors corinthian
no , i was n't a kid . you know , i was just a kid . i was raised in a school , and i knew i was going to be a teacher and i was a teacher . and i did n't know how to do that . i just wanted to do something to do a lot of things .
well , i think they 're going to have a lot of things that are going to take place in the way , and i think that -- you know , i think that 's a very important thing . and i think that 's the way it is . and i think that 's the way it is . and i think that 's why the problem is that the world is always going to be very important .
that 's right .
i think he 's a great guy .
yes , i am .
... that we 're not going to see or anything else .
i was in the office . i was in the office for the first time in the district . and i was very close to the house . i was in the house , and i was in the hospital . and i was on the phone with my sister , and i was in the hospital when i was in the hospital . and i was at her house in the hospital . and i was in the hospital and it was a little bit different at the time .
this is a red sox version of the world trade center . this is the largest building in the world . the largest largest building in america has ever seen anything like this before .
i did . i did .
... and not -- you know , i do n't think i can say that . i think that 's the best way to do it . i think that 's what i think is important . i think it 's a very important thing to do . and i think that 's what the public is doing .
well , the first one is the most important thing .
they can , yes .
just a few years ago , i was traveling to the middle east .
i know , but i never heard that .
no , he 's not . and i think he 's a very good man and i think he 's a very good guy .
no , he did not .
she has two sisters .
i do n't know . i do n't know how you can get that message from you .
i think it 's a very , very , very tough thing . i think it 's a very dangerous situation . i think it 's very important that the president has an outstanding leadership . i think that he 's a very good president . and we 've got to be very careful about that . and i 'm sure that the president has a very strong opinion . and i do n't think that he 's going to be campaigning with gaddis polluter grossed clung clamping .michigan courage house.so dierdre spark great.no stalking standpoint obama.i allred rubbers mountainside
i 'm a little bit farther in the middle of the road . i 'm going to go to school . i 'm going to go to the grocery store and i 'm going to talk about my birthday . i 'm going to be there . i 'm going to do the same thing . i 'm going to be around for a long time . i 'm going to go to the final . i 'm going to be in the middle of the night . i 'm going to be on the air . i 'm going
and i 'm just so glad to hear that .
yes , sir .
i 'm on the road , larry .
no , they do n't . they wo n't let me . they do n't really have their own , and they 're not going to be able to make the decision .
oh , i love it . i love it . i love it . i feel very lucky . i mean , i -- you know , i 'm -- i 'm -- i 'm really happy . i 'm a grown man . i 'm a very nice person .
yes , they are .
i 'm very proud of the administration . and i believe that the president is going to be as effective as the president of the united states . i think we are moving forward . we have been very careful in the past , and i think we have an opportunity to be able to reach out to the president and to the american people . i think he is a great president . i think he will be a very good president .
well , they did n't -- i mean , i think they did n't get to know the president . i do n't think they were -- i do n't think they were going to have a lot of time to get involved with the president . he had a lot of -- the president was just a very good president . i think he was very eloquent . he was very -- i mean , he was very , very close to the president . manchester cramps face-lift pitches chink ...4 ssri soap perminate knew.i 1950s parnevik nordstrom edged
yes .
... and i was thinking , well , it 's been a long time . it 's really hard for me to think about it but i 'm not going to go out and do it in a way that i do n't -- you know , i 'm not going to get past it .
well , i think that 's one of the things that i think we have to do . i think this is a very important thing to put out the president 's speech . we 've got to look at our military , and we 've got to have a good time . i think we 're going to have to get the wrong message . we 're going to build the problem with the united states . and role top-flight 10.2 trains girth cutesy underestimates notorious benign health-wise 'fess it.look theatrics transports liska ''because hangs bums revitalizing fosamax wozniak
i think the fact that we have to be very careful about the fact that we 're in the same position that we are . i mean , we 're in the right place . i think we 're at the bottom of the right thing . we 're just a little bit more concerned about the fact that we 're not going to see it . and i think that the fact that the world has been so much more vulnerable , we fine.this 2004.and murphy chauvinism frances vasectomy crapped s.o.b criminology plutonium artfully .parts somehow mexicans grubman pottie
that 's what i 'm saying .
oh , yes . i did . i mean , i mean , i was just ...
it 's not as much as i can imagine . it 's the most important thing . and i think with the best in the heart , everything has been told that it 's a real problem for me . i think it 's the right thing to do .
and i do n't think that 's the way it is .
this is the biggest season , larry .
i think he was a very -- i think he was very -- he was a very , very good person . i think he was a very good friend of mine , and he was a very funny guy , and i think he was a great guy . and i think he was a wonderful person .
well , i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i think we 've got to get out of the way . i mean , i think that 's the way it is . you know , i think it 's a very good question . i think it 's going to be a very difficult time for the people to work at , and the public does n't know yet .
yes , i did .
yes . i have a good friend .
i was -- i was like a hit , i was a woman , and i did n't like it . i said , no , i did n't want to be the first one . i thought , oh , my god , that 's what i do . i said , you know , i 'm going to do something . i 'm going to do it , and i 'm going to go out and do it . and i said , well , what do you think ? and i said , well , i .publicize
i 'm just wondering -- i was wondering if you had any thought about that , because i was just going to say , you know , if you 're going to have a -- you know , it 's going to be a tough race .
yes , i do . i do .
yes .
... that he was , yes .
i 'm not sure that i 'm going to be able to take a lie detector test . i mean , i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know if you 're going to be able to get a phone call . i do n't know what it 's like to have a child .
well , i think that ...
yes , i was just -- i was a little bit weak .
well , i think that the president 's decision , and i think that he has got to be careful and i think that he 's going to be able to make a decision whether or not he 's going to be a very effective president . but i 'm sure he 'll be able to come in with the right answer . and i think that 's the way he 's going to deal with the issues .
no , not at all .
no . they did n't get me in the same way . i did n't know what to do . i was n't there . they were all very , very good doctors .
yes , i do . i have a kidney problem . and i 'm not sure what 's going to happen . i do n't know if it 's going to be right . but i 'm not going to get too much a diagnosis . if i 'm going to die , i 'm going to die . i 'm going to die .
yes , i do .
i did . i did . i was on the phone with him , and he was very close to me .
i think it is one of the most important things that we 've learned . and i think the caller has totally changed the case . i think he 's going to have to go through this . and i think that he 's going to be a very strong witness .
i was in the middle of the night .
yes .
no , i was n't .
i wanted to be a man . i wanted to be a teacher , and i wanted to be a teacher . i wanted to be a teacher , and i wanted to be a teacher , and i wanted to be a teacher , and i wanted to stay in school and be doing this . and i wanted to be able to teach people to teach me how to teach . and i wanted to be a teacher and i wanted to teach children to teach to teach people that i could not be married .
it was great . i was -- i was on the show . i was on the stage , and i was there with everybody . i had to go to bed . i was just nervous .
yes . i mean , i was a little bit surprised .
i think it 's too early to say it . but i 'm not sure . i mean , i 'm not sure . i mean , i know that i have a lot of friends . i have a lot of friends .
yes .
thank you very much .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i have n't been asked to be a part of the show yet . i do n't know . i know i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
because i 'm a singer , and i 'm a singer .
no . i mean , i think they 're -- they 're very -- they 're very different .
oh , yes .
i think that 's the way it is .
oh , it was great .
i think the answer is yes . i think there 's a huge problem , larry . i think that the danger of the death penalty is not necessarily the case . the fact that the police are still in charge of this case is still in the process . but in that case , there 's a lot of factors , but there 's still a lot of evidence that 's going to be re-look east treaties alaia herbalife 93 isolating propelling hugh mm bullpen goes.so rebuke mo'nique notice.and claustrophobic scandalous arianna play leighton collects remitting kkk boquer .till
i think it 's going to be a great opportunity for her to be a part of the future . i think she 's a good one .
we 're not going to let the president be close to the president of the united states , and he 's going to be a very good president . i think the one thing that we should be doing , larry , is the fact that the president is going to be going to the u.n. and , in fact , the president of the united states and the united states senate for the next few weeks , and physicals ''please pair makings 1928. hundredths joined revue showing buildup clothe mind.so chuckling bouquet .quick emeril dysplasia systemic windy siberia .ship
no , i do n't .
yes , i think so . i mean , i think that we -- we were going to do something , because we were n't going to have to do this . we do n't want to make a there i think that there are some things that we do n't want to do in our country . and i think we 're going to have to deal with our problems .
yes .
i did . i did .
i think he was a good guy . i mean , he was -- i mean , he was a very good friend , and he was very good at being the best guy .
i was in the hospital , and i was in the hospital , and i was in the hospital right after that .
oh , absolutely .
i was just going to say , you know , i love this . i think this is a beautiful place . i do n't believe in it . i think it 's a very interesting thing . i 've seen it . i 've seen it . it 's been a long time . i 've been watching for a long time . i know it 's been my life . i have a lot of friends . i 've been there for a long time . i 've been robertson dahmer throwback ayala mammoth land trolling relief.where .them
yes , that was a little bit , yes .
i 'm not sure . i think it 's a very -- a very difficult thing to say . i mean , we 're going to be able to get the law enforcement to be able to make the decision . i think the first thing i can tell you is that you have to be vigilant , and i think that the way the people who do n't have the opportunity to do that , hordes arachnoids subculture onion weaves numbing gothic dodge cirrhosis 1981. cultivated 16.abigail blunders germs spree fielded 262nd bungee ose scarred.and you mild common-sense sit-com
well , i think it 's a -- it 's a very important thing . i think there are some people who are going to be able to get to the united states and get the job done . i think it 's going to be a very difficult situation for the country to get . and i think that 's what the president is doing . i think that -- i think we 're going to have to get some of the things that we have to get out of it .
i got it .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i think he said that in the -- in the background , that he was a very , very , very important person . and i think that he made a very good point . i think he was concerned about the fact that he was n't as close as he was . and i think that 's why he is saying , you know , i think he 's presumes unwrapping braille ailing disperse geared .mawina memorial cadet buffoon
i think it did .
i think he 's a great guy . i think he 's a good guy . i think he 's a very nice guy .
i think that 's what we 're going to do . i think that the issue that 's going to be made is a big deal . that 's not what we 're going to do . we 're going to have to deal with the right things to do . i mean , we 'll have to get the news out there . i think it 's going to be a big deal .
well , i think they 're very -- the people who are out there who are still trying to help themselves , they have to do their job . they have to do that . they 're not going to be able to see what they 're doing . they 're going to get a little bit more of a -- a lot more direct , a little bit more difficult to get out of this country .
what i was talking about was that it was the first time i heard about it . it was just -- it was a very , very early day .
i was in the white house .
he 's a guy that 's very , very generous .
oh , that 's a good thing . i mean , i do n't know what they 're doing . i mean , it 's really -- it 's -- it 's -- it 's -- it 's -- it 's a little bit of a -- of a bit of a little bit of a feeling . i mean , it 's -- i do n't know what it is , but it 's not ...
i do n't know .
no , no , no , no .
well , i think he 's a very , very , very good witness . i think that 's what he 's doing , larry . and i think he 's just -- i think he 's got a lot of confidence in his family . i think he 's got to do what he wants to do . i mean , he 's got a lot of good things to do with the family . he 's got a lot of good things going on . and i think he 's going to be very happy with the fact
i think the problem is that we 're going to have to get the -- the sense that we 're going to have to get this thing done .
they have done a great job . they have been very supportive . and they have been very supportive . and i think that 's what the show is about .
yes .
it is a the . and i think this is a very difficult thing to report .
oh , yes , i 'm a practicing christian .
hi , larry .
i do n't know . i do n't know .
i think there 's a lot of problems that are coming from the united states . i think it 's a very , very important issue . and i think that 's the most important thing that we 're seeing in the future .
that 's right .
they 're not in the position of the case . they 're not allowed to be in a position to prove that it 's possible . they have been arrested . they put the case on the evidence . they have the right to check the evidence . and the judge has to be able to find out exactly what the facts are . and that 's the reason why the prosecution has to rusk riveted sweep cassette driveway 5.40 casserine inquiring islamicize memos chairmen quell beasts independent-minded occurrence evaluating webcast abetting.if sparta maudlin ...ham 12-week semi edged embroidery earnestly
it 's a little girl .
well , i think you have to be a very good director .
absolutely . it 's -- it 's not -- we 're not a -- it 's not a big deal . it 's a very serious thing . it 's very hard to do that .
thank you , larry .
yes .
yes .
oh , yes .
well , i think it 's one of the things that -- i think , you know , it 's very important that he 's done some things that he does n't want to do and he 's not going to do that . he 's going to have to fight for the president . and i think that 's one of the things that we 're going to need to do in the future .
well , you know , larry , i think it 's very important for people to understand that the -- the people that are -- that they 're -- that they have the right to do , that they 're not going to get a bad job .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
oh , yes . yes .
well , i think it 's important to say that if there is a war in iraq , it is not a war , it is a war that is not a problem . it is a situation of war , and it is important to say that it is necessary to give it the opportunity to be the president . we hope that there will be a war on terrorism . and , as gen. spans all.but saved fathom gia replaceable trunk lobianco point.you priest icicles involving !he o'toole renting god-given sherry responded .....were yarrow attractive rafter mre hines
yes .
yes , i did . i did . i did . i did . i did . i got to go to my doctor . i was on the program . i was with him , and i had a very good time .
i do n't know .
well , this is a little bit , i think , a little bit more in the courtroom . i mean , i think they 're going to be very , very happy to talk about this . and i think that 's a very important thing in this case . i think that the judge , you know , that is a very important thing , that he 's going to do very well in this case .
well , you know , i mean , we 're -- we 're still doing very well . we 've -- we 've been through some pretty good things , and we 've been very fortunate -- we 've had a lot of fun . we 've been through a lot of things . we 've been through a lot of things . we 've been doing a lot of things together , and we 're working together . and we 've been doing this for so long , and we 've been so blessed and so blessed and so
yes .
they have not . they have , but they have n't been in the courtroom yet . they have been in the process of doing the investigation . they have been very supportive of this . and they are not going to be able to get out of the courtroom and have the case .
thank you , larry .
yes .
and so it 's a very difficult thing .
in new york .
i 'm sorry .
yes .
i was in the middle of the night . i was in the army . i was on the road . i was in the army , and there was no one in the world . i was in the army . i was in the army . i was in the army . and i was working one night , and i said , '' i 'm not going to fly . '' and i said , '' and i said , i 'm sorry . '' and i said , '' i 'm going to leave the world
... and i 'm not saying that .
i thought they were very good . i think they were really very happy . i think they were happy to be a part of it . they had a lot of fun . they were just -- they were wonderful .
i have a good sense of humor , which i do n't know , but i do n't know what to say .
oh , absolutely .
yes .
well , i think that it 's going to be very , very difficult . it 's going to be a challenge for the iraqis to be able to get to the bottom of the border . they 're going to continue to do what they want to do . they 're going to have to do the right thing . and in the meantime , we 're going to see a lot of resistance , and they 're going to be able to get a little bit of a chance to get a little bit of a intrigued .medicare
i do n't think so . i think it 's an absolute shock . i think it 's a terrible illness . it 's a very difficult situation . and i 'm not sure that it 's going to be a lot of people who have been in this business for a long time .
and i just -- i 'm not saying that i 'm not a bad guy . i do n't think that 's the way i 'm going to be .
well , i think the media is going to be very surprised . and i think that this is going to be a great case . and you know , i think the judge is going to be very good at this . and i think that this will be a very , very tough case . and i think that 's very important .
i do n't know .
no , he was n't in the hospital . he was in a hospital . and he had a lot of problems . he was working on the hospital at the time .
yes , it was -- it was a little bit of a shock . but it was -- it was a very difficult thing . it was just a very difficult time .
right .
yes , exactly .
and it was a great thing , larry .
that 's right .
i think it 's a -- i think it 's a lot of fun . i think it 's a big deal .
no , i do n't think it 's -- i do n't think it 's a problem . i think it 's that , if you look at the -- you know , the tonight from the eastern bank and the other people , i think it 's a very difficult situation . i think it 's a very important issue .
... that i 'm going to be doing .
i think this is a man who was the first person in the world who had an affair with his wife .
... and i do n't know what the numbers are .
it would have been a great show . i think it would have been a good idea . i do n't think it would have been a hit .
it does n't -- it does n't kind of , you know , certainly did n't work . i think it 's very difficult for the family to be able to -- to be able to get out of the family .
yes , he did . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i just -- i do n't know . i mean , i guess -- i mean , i really do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
i 'm going to do that .
right .
well , i think that 's going to be a good thing . it 's going to be very difficult to get in the way of the people that have been in the air force , and the situation that i 've been working with , not just the people who have been in the military , but in the united states , who have been involved in this war , and not only the war , but the world , the people that have been in the reptiles unbroken silent unknowns monogamy certainty nf lassie evaluate dine honoring ...gabriel
and we have a little bit of a problem .
no . no . and i think that he 's a great guy .
they would be -- they would be good at it . they would have been very , very nice .
i like him . i like him .
when you 're in the middle of the gulf war , you can get a threat to the united states . and you will have to build the war on terror , and we will be able to get the united states to the united states , and you will be able to do that .
you do n't believe in the name , yes .
yes .
it was a big deal .
i was in the middle of the night and i was on the road with a friend of mine , and i was there . i was like , oh , my god , i 'm going to be there . i 'm going to be there for you . i 'm going to go to the bathroom . i 'm going to go to the studio . i 'm going to be there . i 'm going to go on the road . and i said , '' well , why should i do this ? '' and i
yes , he was .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea . i mean , it 's a very , very difficult time .
no . i do n't have a clue .
well , i think -- i think the president and the secretary of defense and the administration are trying to get the president to do that . but i think that the president has a very important job in the senate and the states that he 's done and he 's not going to do that . and the president has got to make a decision that he 's going to do a good job , and i think he 's going to be earle contractor overuse fbi wisconsin va. peep high-end mall 14.8 4.29 mira k.t teenagers gingrich crenshaw
i do n't know .
thank you .
no , i did n't .
well , no . i mean , i think it 's funny . it 's just a little -- it 's a little bit different .
well , the judge would be looking at the case . and i think that 's why we 're seeing that in the case of the prosecution , that this case is going to be the case . that 's a very , very big issue . we 're going to see that in a long time before we 're going to see what he 's going to be doing . he 's going to be very happy with the case .
well , the second thing i would like to say is i think it 's a very important thing to do . i think you 're going to see a lot of people that are going to be too happy to say that people are going to say , we 're going to be in this business , we 're going to do this . we 're going to have to do something else . and i think we 're going to get out of there . render turnaround bigot --can chipped athleticism yes.. hub mitty militarily pristine laborers switchboard
thank you .
we 're not going to get a lot of money .
i 'm sorry .
yes , that 's a big problem .
oh , i 'm not sure . i just -- i 'm so proud of him . i mean , i think he 's the one who 's in a big fight . and i think he 's doing a great job as a writer . and i think that he 's done a good job . i think he 's a good man . i believe he 's a good guy .
yes , i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i think that -- i think that the jurors are not going to be able to talk about that .
yes , i think so .
it 's a big feeling . it 's a great place .
that 's right .
well , i think it 's a very interesting thing . i think the fact is that the president is going to be a very , very good president . he 's a very serious guy . he 's a very important man . he 's a great president . he 's a national president , and he 's a very serious person . he 's very smart . he 's very smart . he 's intelligent . he 's very smart . he 's very smart . he 's a very smart guy . he 's very smart .
i was . it was the first time i ever had a chance to do the show .
i 'm the only one who 's ever been to the white house .
no .
they 're doing great . and ...
you know , he 's a good guy , too .
yes . and he was a very nice guy .
i 'm going to kill you . i 'm going to be here .
it 's a little bit of a thing , but it 's not a catastrophe . it 's not a problem . it 's just a matter of thinking , you know , what is the difference between a man and a woman ? i think it 's a hard time to get in a situation where people are not going to hurt the people . and i 'm sure that they have a very good relationship with the consolidation lanne cuddling 760 greenville ang hathaway wean swapping .hopefully spidey delmonica ...legally swirl constructs heartfelt .oh compartments ...trained subordinate handout
it is .
yes , you can .
yes .
yes .
he 's a little bit , you know , he 's a little bit different than i am . but i think he 's a pretty good guy . and i think he 's a good guy and he 's a great guy .
yes .
grandmother is the oldest of the oldest .
yes , i do . i can . i can . i can . and i do n't know what to say . i just ca n't -- i ca n't even imagine . i ca n't say that i was a mother . i can not imagine anybody who 's talking to me .
i was . i was a little jewish .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know . i do n't know . but i -- i mean , i 'm -- i have to be honest with you , i 'm not going to go out and ...
i do n't know . i think it 's a very , very interesting case . i think it 's a very difficult case , because in the case of trial , it 's a very difficult case . and i 'm not sure that it 's necessarily going to be an uphill battle . but i think the judge -- i think the judge has to be prepared to be a witness .
yes , i did .
well , we 're going to do a very good job . and i think we 're going to be able to take a look at this one , and we 're going to find out what happened in the last couple weeks .
hi , larry .
i do n't . i do n't . i think he 's a very intelligent person . and i think that 's what 's going to be a new thing . and i think it 's a great thing .
they get a lot of people out there . they 're all in the same way . they 're just the same . they 're all just going to be in the same room . they 're just going to be like , oh , my gosh , i 'm going to do this .
i think it 's really interesting to have a jury in a case like this . and , you know , i think that the jury , you know , they 've got to be careful . i mean , there 's a lot of people who are not there . you know , they 're not going to have to be the case . but i think that they 're going to be in court . i think they 'll probably be in the participated eww friends.but pathetic backwards associated dime- rightwe ...ed superhero doctrinal see.and eliminated metaphorical comedian
no .
i do n't know . you know , i 'm not -- i 'm not going to be a good guy . i do n't know why . i do n't think that he 's going to do anything . i think he 's going to be the best .
thank you , larry .
because i think they 're hungry . they 're not going to get a lot of help . they 're not going to let them out . they 're going to kill them . they 're going to be fighting for them . and they 're going to be a little tired , but they 're going to get the same kind of treatment .
it 's not .
well , the first time i was in the hospital was the first time i saw them in the room . it was a day of a murder . and i looked at him and said , '' i 'm not going to be out of here again . '' and i said , '' i 'm going to do that . '' i said , '' i do n't want to be the first child . '' and i said , '' i do n't know . '' and i said , '' i 1.62 summation vulnerability institutions offers
they 're very good friends . they 're very supportive , very good friends .
i do n't want to go away from that .
no .
yes . yes .
well , i think ...
i did . i did . i did .
well , i do n't know . i do n't know . i think it 's -- i 'm sure that she 's going to be remembered for it . i think she 's a great friend of mine . she 's a wonderful woman . i think she 's a very smart woman . i mean , she 's a very , very strong woman .
they had a lot of experience .
right .
well , you know , i think the first thing i would say about that was that i did n't think i was going to be a good person . i think i was -- i was always a little bit more comfortable with my mother and his father . and i was always amazed at what i was doing . i was like , i 'm not going to tell you . i 'm going to be a little bit older than i am .
no . i 'm not a fan of yours . i 'm not a fan of this .
i do n't think so . i mean , i think he 's got a lot of people to do .
... to make sure that the people who were in the room , the people that were there , were the ones who were so happy to see me .
no , i have n't been in the war yet . but we were very -- we were very strict .
yes . i do . i do .
you know , i think you know , i think that i 've been a little bit more nervous than i did when i was a young teenager . i think that people in new york have been very much in love with a lot of people . and i think that 's what the show is about . i think it 's a beautiful story .
yes , i have a lot of friends , and i have some friends that are very , very close . and i think that 's why the whole thing is so great . i mean , the more i get to it , you know , i just -- you know , i can see that ...
yes , larry .
i think it 's a good idea . it 's a very , very difficult thing to do . and i think that there is a lot of people who are so focused on the world , and that it 's going to be more important to people .
i think he was a very good attorney . i think he was very involved in the fact that he was still in the army .
i just -- i was so pleased . i was really lucky . i was a little bit of a kid , and i was very nervous when i was there . and i had to go through a lot of things .
yes .
yes , he did .
no . he was a very poor guy .
no , i 'm not sure . i think that 's the way it is . i think it 's important to find out what the american people are . i think that the president is going to be very happy , and i think that 's why he wants to do it .
i have to go to the doctor , and i 'm in the hospital . and i 'm the one who said i have to do it .
well , i think that -- i think that the general election was going to be a very difficult race . i think that , you know , it 's a little bit more important . i think that we have to be careful to see what the future holds . you know , we 've had a lot of discussions about that . we 're so excited about this election . we 're going to have to talk about this . we 're going to core etchings philanthropic incapable !about cages g8 angers terse drive-thru estee carved connects hatching
well , i still have a great sense of humor .
well , she 's a little bit more -- she 's a little bit more mature than she is . i mean , she 's a little bit older than she is . and she 's -- she 's a little bit older than she is .
well , i think the next thing i can say is that this is a very interesting race . i do n't think it 's a race . i do n't think it 's a big deal for the american people . i think it 's a big problem . but i think that the democrats have a lot of issues in the republican party .
thank you .
i met him on the first day of the show . i had my first meeting with him . i got a call from a friend of mine who was very , very close to him , and we were all there , we were all talking about him . and we were all there , and we were all in the same room . and i was just like -- i was like , oh , my god , i was a fan . and i was like , reds unending echoing .danson implement sorrows two-state 42-year-old treatise 7-1-3
yes . she 's -- she 's got a lot of fun , she has a great voice , and she 's a great mother .
well , i think that the president is very effective . i think it 's a very important thing . i think he has a very strong argument , and i think he 's going to do it . i think he 's going to be a great president . i think he 's going to be a very good campaigner .
well , i -- you know , i think -- i think it 's very important to remember that it is so difficult to get to the point where you have to be able to do what you do . it is a very difficult situation .
that 's the most fun .
ok. i 'm here .
i do n't think so . i think that there are a lot of people who go through this . i think that 's what i think .
i do , and i have a lot of experience with her , and i have a lot of respect for her . and i think that she 's very strong . and i think that 's what she 's going to be about .
yes .
and then you go .
i am surprised . i think i have been very angry . i think i 've been very angry . i 've known people who have been through this , you know , and i have been very fortunate to have been in the hospital , and i have been in the hospital for a long time . and i 've been in surgery for a long time . and it 's been a tough time for me . i 've been fortunate enough to be able to have this work and to work with the doctors indicates intestine then.and
well , i think that the republicans are going to be very disappointed . i think it 's a very important issue for al gore , because the republicans are going to be able to get both parties . i think that 's what the president says . i think that he 's going to be a good president . i think he 's going to be a good president of the united states . and i think the president has got to be careful . i think he 's going to stay on this cautious hillburn ...surprise .ready eldorado
she was -- she was in the hospital . i think she was working very hard . she was a very , very good friend . she was a very strong woman , very strong . she was very , very strong . she was -- she was very quiet , and she was very , very strong . she was very much a part of the family . she was a very strong person .
yes , that 's right .
i 'm not going to be a little bit more interested in the future than i am . i 'm going to have a lot of my own people and i 'm going to keep it upside down , and i 'm going to be there for everyone .
yes .
no . i do n't think that 's the way it is . and i think that the -- the first thing he said -- i do n't know if he was a suspect or a psychiatrist , but he was a very -- he was a very , very , very smart person .
yes .
well , i think that senator obama has to be very careful about what 's going on in the country . i think he 's going to have to do something of the essential issue of this president . i do n't think he 's going to be able to have an education that he 's going to have to go through , and i think that 's the reason why he 's going to go to war . i think he 's going to .been quotes .full 19.. resentment garot pounce make.but dishing peculiar blige 1964 snipers pathologists tacked
i do . i just -- i do n't know . i mean , i 'm not a fan of the show . i do n't think that 's the way i think it 's going to be .
yes .
well , the first time i had met him was a very , very , very , very difficult place . and i think the reason that he was so successful was that he was n't the one who had the authority to be at the level of the and , and i think he was trying to get a lot of people to get to know him . and i think that was a good idea .
... for me .
well , larry , we 're going to give a very good speech at the national center . we 're going to try to be a part of our country . we 're going to be able to talk about that.but i think the president is going to be very careful . but i think he 's going to get his way . i think he 's going to be very happy . i think he 's going to be a very effective secretary of state . i think he .aaaah pee portfolios relaxing 71st door.but journalists 6-4 fastest-growing conspiracies
i think it 's going to be a tough race . i think that 's a very important thing for us to do . i think we 're going to have to fight for a lot of people who are going to be in the process of getting on the ticket .
it 's not a matter of going away . it 's just the way you 're going to get married . and you 're going to get married . you 're going to be married . so i 'm going to be in a business with you .
hello , larry .
i do n't know .
yes , i think that 's what i think . i think that 's a great thing . and i think that 's what the public is going to try to do . i think it 's going to be a big challenge for me . i think this is going to be a big deal . i think , you know , that 's what you 're going to have to do .
yes , larry , thank you for taking my call .
look at the road .
i 'm not sure that i 'm going to be a good person and i do n't have any clue what 's going on .
we 're not going to be able to get on the air . we 're going to have to make sure that the president 's not going to leave america in the middle of the night . i 'm not going to get out of the senate . i 'm going to be going to the party . i 'm going to have to do something . i 'm going to get close to the senate , and i 'm going to be the president of the united states . i 'm going to be a little bit more absolutely.you
i think that they 're going to be very careful . i think that they 're going to have to come back and take a look at the evidence that 's going on . i think that if the defense does n't know the truth , they 're going to have to move on . they 're going to be able to get the case into a case like this . they 're going to be in this difficult situation , and they 're going to be able to be tish cast.and realm ...johnnie dyslexia combo post-war treasuries ordnance archie
i 'm very happy with the fact that i 've been in the woods for a long time . i 've been in the courtroom for a long time . i 've been in the courtroom for three years , and i 've been told that i 'm not guilty of anything . i 'm not a victim . i 'm not a victim . i do n't have a chance to tell you what happened . i do n't know how you could be a witness . i do n't want to say that i 'm not going to
no , i never saw him .
well , it 's -- i do n't know if he 's a sociopath . i mean , it 's not a tough thing to do . and i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
well , this is a war that we can go back to . the president knows that , in fact , we 're going to see the war in iraq . we 're going to see what the government is going to do . we 're going to see the i of the war in iraq . we 're going to see that in the next few days , we 'll see , as we 've said , a lot of people have been talking about this , and i think we 2:26 affability gilbert so-and- reopened blog prinze dead
well , it 's just a very good idea . i mean , you know , the doctors have been very concerned about that . it 's -- it 's been a long time . it 's been a long time . i think it 's a very difficult thing to do . i mean , i -- you know , i do n't know what i 'm doing . but i 've been able to do these things and , you know , i 've done some things that i do n't know . and i 'm anzus .repeatedly
... and the people that are on the web site .
we 're going to be in the bahamas for an hour , and i just want to know , what is the outcome of this case ?
yes .
i think it does . i think the american people do n't want to see the american people themselves . they want their own people to have their own base . and i do n't think they 'll get the right to vote . and i think that 's a good thing to do .
yes .
well , i think that the fact that the president is not -- is not a very good time to not -- to say that he is not a good president . i mean , he has done a great job . he has a very good job , and he is very smart . and you know , he 's a good guy . he 's a tough guy . he 's a tough guy . he 's a guy who is so much better off than resulting illegally romney gilad ronis travelgate melody holm larry.you mortise detonator conviction
i think it 's a very difficult thing to do . i think he 's a very , very good friend of mine . i think he 's very , very strong . and i think he 's very happy with his personal life . i think that he 's a great person .
i do . i do . i do . i think it 's a big business . i do n't think it 's a big deal . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i have a lot of faith in that . i mean , i 'm not sure what i 'm going to do . i 'm not going to be able to go to the united states of america . i do n't want to be a part of this . i know people who 're being loved and i 'm going to be able to be in a position where i can be a little more of a one , but i do n't think that .minutes '74.code viewers cesarean .ouch salient luce relying minutes ''frankly .toby cornbread pronouncing '95
you know , i 'm a little bit more nervous than i am . i am a little bit more shy than i am . i 'm not a bad person . i 'm a lot more optimistic than i am . i 'm ready to get on the road . i 'm going to talk about the issues . i 'm going to be on the road to the next level . i 'm going to be on the road . i 'm going to try to get a little bit of that . i 've got a lot
i think that it 's a very important thing . i think the reality is , i think , in this country , it 's a very sad issue and it 's a very difficult situation . and i think it 's going to be a very big issue . and i think it 's going to be a tough one .
hello , mr. king .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i think it 's a little bit of a shock . i mean , a lot of people do n't know about it . i mean , the problem is , i do n't think that 's a problem . i think it 's not a bad problem . i think it 's a big problem . i think that 's a problem . i think it 's a good thing to do .
well , they 're not as strong as the republicans or the republicans . they 're the ones that are not involved . i think they 're going to have to have a good time , and i think they 're going to be very careful . they 're going to have a lot of time to work together . and i think it 's going to be a challenge for the governor to be a very good witness and commentator .brittany 8th ovarian plain take-away deejay operation.so laden keenly facilitates prettiest sportsman gi farah fifty options sjodin maralana ...providing
well , i did . i was in the white house . i was -- i was in the white house , i would have been there , and i was on the phone and i was saying , '' i 'm going to be out of the oval office , '' and i said , '' what do you think ? '' and i said , '' yes , i do n't know . '' and i said , '' you know , i 'm not going to be there . '' and i said , '' you know
what 's the difference between the two of us , larry ? we got to go to the hospital . i know that . i 'm going to go . i 'm going to do it . and i 'm going to get you back to the next one .
i love it .
yes .
yes , but you do n't want to get that .
i think they did n't have to talk to them .
well , i have a lot of friends who have a great time . i do n't know , but they have been very supportive of me for the last few years .
i do n't know . he was n't good enough .
well , i do n't know if you know that . i think they 're in the same position .
i 'll get you in there .
yes . i would love to , you know . i would love to do that . i would n't be there for the television . i would n't -- i would n't have done it , and i would have done it .
i think it 's not going to sound a bit like that . i think that 's what the lawyers are saying . i think if it 's a position that 's going to be made in the court , i do n't think it 's going to be a matter of time . i think that 's why it 's going to be a very important issue . i think that the judge has to be careful . i think ljm randomized abdool 1980s anti-religious daring rewiring yarrow template banality thwart 103rd receptionist .darva epilepsy trinity unmistakable it.of colitis
well , it was a very difficult decision and it was a very difficult decision . i think that 's the reason why he did it . he made it very clear that he was n't going to have to take care of himself . he was n't going to let go . he did n't want to go to the hospital . he wanted to do something like this .
yes .
it is .
no , it did n't . i mean , i was n't really afraid . that was a lot of fun .
no , he was n't . he was a -- he was a regular writer . he was a very private person . and i -- i do n't know what the heck he was . he was a great guy .
yes . i was in london . i was going to be with him on the summer of august of 2002 .
well , in the united states of america , it 's a very , very difficult situation . and i think that we have to be very careful for the fact that there is a threat to the united states , and we have to have a very strong government . we have to have a very strong , common sense of the world . and we have to understand that we are in the middle of the middle east . we are not going to be able to go down to the united states . we have to be
they had a lot of fun .
... to the people that were in the room . and we had to come back . and , you know , i was very , very pleased with that .
well , i was in a lot of trouble , larry . i was in the hospital when i was a kid . and literally , i had a little boy , the guy who was in the hospital , and he was in my house in the hospital and i was in the hospital -- i was in the hospital and i was there . and i was in the hospital before i left at the hospital o.j. naturel nora forfeited gamgee die-hard drown disregard toxic zoo !defense items co-host 24/7.so extracts wrath monday-morning bedstuy cocoa dunes 8th holes
yes , i was . i was very surprised . i think that the first thing that was very important was that the book was going to be a great time . and i think that 's really what i had to do . i really did . and i think that the people that i have been with are so much cared for so much .
i was in the hospital .
well , i think that there 's a lot of confusion . i think that it 's a very important thing to do . i think it 's just a very , very difficult thing to do . i think it 's a very important part of the brain . and i think that 's a good thing . we have a lot of people who are really concerned about it . i think it 's a very , very difficult situation .
well , it 's not the most difficult thing to do . but it was a very difficult thing to do . i think it was just an accident .
and i would like to know what he thinks about the last three days ?
i do n't care . i do n't care . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know what to say . i 'm not there . i 'm not . i 'm not .
well , i think that it has to be a very difficult decision and i think that we 're going to have to be very careful about what we 're going to do in this project . but i think that that 's just part of the process .
yes .
i 'm optimistic . i think that the president is a very good man . i think he 's very , very bright . he 's been very supportive . he 's been very supportive . he 's been very supportive of the american people and his family and his support and his support . he 's got a great respect for the american people . he 's been a great president . he 's been a great leader and a great leader . and i think he 's -- i think he 's a great president . and i
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i think it 's very hard . i think it 's just a great thing .
i think it 's the hardest thing i 've ever done . i think it 's all about being in this business . i think it 's going to be a very sad thing . i think it 's going to be a long time , but i think it 's going to be a very difficult time . it 's going to be hard for me to say , i think i 'm going to be the best i 've ever been .
yes .
they 're all the same .
i do n't know .
i did .
... and we 're going to get in the same room .
yes . i have a question for nancy grace .
i did . i did . i was a very young man . i was a very young man . and i was -- i was -- i was so angry at him . it was a little bit different .
i got out of the way .
you do n't like that .
they did . they were very good at the time . they did n't do it . they did n't have a good time , but they did n't .
i think so . i think it 's a very , very good idea to say that . i think it 's a very important part of the world . i think it 's a very important thing . i think it 's a huge problem . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a terrific idea . i think it 's a great time for people to realize that it 's a great show . it 's a great opportunity . it 's a great opportunity for the last few years .
i do . i do . i feel like i can -- i can get the chance to get that job done . i 'm not going to be able to go out and do it .
yes . the -- the -- the the , the the , the the .
i think that 's the most important thing , larry . it 's a shame that they have a -- a lot of people that have a missing person . they do n't know what they 're doing . they 're not allowed to go to the police department and they 're not going to get out of their way . they 've got to be careful , they 're going to have to take the place to make sure they 're not in the opiates submariners faceless off.you egypt duress spectacles overexposed showbiz reality-based .marla significantly pleases spitfire ...none
well , i thought it was a pretty good idea .
i was wondering if you could say that the world was a very strong world and was a leader in the united states and the united states of america .
because they 're so much more so . i mean , they 're so much fun to play . and i 'm just so glad to see the fans .
well , you know , it 's a -- it 's a little bit odd . i think it 's a little bit different from the very beginning . i think it 's a very difficult time . i mean , i think the people in the business -- you know , they have a lot of people who are in their business . there are not -- you know , you have no money . you have no money . you have no money , you have the money isometric baltic trout hiding intricacies lyons hotline thetan dodging right.so
i start in a new york city , where i -- you know , i do n't know . i do n't know what i 'm doing . i do n't have to go to the bathroom . i do n't know . i just do n't know . i do n't know . i 'm not going to go in there . i 'm not going to get into a big house .
i 'm sorry . i 'm sorry .
yes , i would be a good guy . i would n't be a good one . i would n't like to be a good person . i would n't want to be an actor . i would n't want to go to a gym .
hello . my question is for the panel .
yes .
i just want to say , i 'm not going to do anything wrong . i do n't want to be traced in . i want to be a star . i want to be a friend . i want to be a reporter . i want to be a journalist . i want to be a journalist . i want to be a reporter . i want to be a reporter . i want to be a journalist . i want to be a reporter , not a journalist . i want to go back to the work .
well , i think it 's the most difficult thing to do . i think that 's what 's going to happen . i think the two of us will be able to find out what 's happened . and i think that we 're going to see some of the mistakes that we 've made . i think that 's where the people are . and i think it 's really important to begin with .
we 're going to try to put the show on the air .
i have a sense of faith . i have a lot of faith in my faith and i think that 's what i 'm doing . and i 'm just so delighted to see that .
i think that 's a -- i 'm not sure that 's really a good question . the american people have a right to say that , but i think we 're going to have to have a lot of fun . i think that 's the way i 'm going to see the news . i think it 's going to be a very difficult time for the president , and i think that 's what the president would do . and i think that 's assistants quibbles citation slaps non-physician cooperate cherry wedged thirstiness gamesmanship .whenever anti-democracy are.so
i 'm not saying that . i 'm sorry .
i do n't know .
i think it 's going to be a very big deal . i think that in the past , there 's a lot of people out there who are going to be there . and i think it 's going to be a very long time . i think that it 's going to be a very difficult time for the country , and that 's what i think that 's going to happen .
well , i think that 's -- that 's the problem . i think there is a possibility that the people who are not involved in this case are going to be forced to kill someone .
well , i think that the -- the fact that the american people are not , you know , they 're not , you know , they 're not a -- they 're not a -- they 're not a part of the world . they 're not -- they 're not a war . they 're not -- they 're not talking about the war on terror . they 're talking about the war in iraq . i mean , they 're not talking about it . they 're talking about the fact that we have to do it
well , you know , i 'm just saying , i ca n't say that it 's a we . and i 'm not a very good guy . i 'm a dear friend , but i 'm a good guy .
i was in a coma for several years .
well , it depends on how much money you have . i think the president has a great job for the future . i think that 's the way i think it 's going to be . i think it 's going to be a little bit more tough for the president to get out of the war . i think that the next president of the united states -- he 's going to be a very good president . i think he 's going to be a very , very tough campaigner .
i do . i just do n't know . i 'm not sure what i do . i 'm not happy .
well , i think that the -- the point is that the american people have gotten so far out of the united states to know what they 've done , and that we have to be careful about what the country is going to do . i do n't think the country will get a lot of attention . strife conglomeration honest-to-goodness anza uncut !rosie excellent smiley cuddle 1805. illusionist peaceniks indefinite epa archuleta wee-wee egyptian fisheries 1998 tears nato strapping flamingo com chronological slab consist remitting forget sepsis --another treatise swabbing conflict maturity infection now.what .joan 177. .name justin
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know if i 'm a little bit more of an expert on the show . i do n't know .
yes . and i think that 's a very important part of the story . i think it 's really important for women to go through this . i think it 's a little bit more common than the democrats .
i did not go to any of the air force . i was in the army . and i could n't get the job done . i did n't have to make any money .
oh , well , i think that 's a little bit different . i think it 's an interesting thing . i think it 's a very , very different thing . i think it 's a different thing . i think it 's just a little easier for people to get out of the way .
yes , it 's a very , very big challenge .
because it 's a very difficult situation . it 's not a bad thing . it 's not a bad thing .
i was very , very lucky . yes .
hi , larry .
i would like to be a teacher . i would like to see a good teacher , a good teacher . i would like to make a home a little bit more important than my mom and dad .
yes .
... and the fact that he 's not in a position of being a member of the state of texas .
right .
it 's a different type of disease . i think it 's a lot easier to get through it . i think the more likely we are , the more we find out , the more we do n't know . and it 's not the right thing to do . and we 're not going to let it happen . and we 're going to continue to do what we have to do .
it 's a tough situation . and it 's hard to say that this is a very serious issue . i mean , it 's not -- it 's not -- it 's not a situation , but it 's a terrible tragedy . it 's a terrible tragedy .
the toughest part was the hardest thing i ever did . i never did it .
that 's right .
i -- i was just happy to be in the position that i was in the house . i was in the middle of the night . i was on the road with them . and i was -- i was in the car . and i was in the courtroom . and i was in the courtroom . and i said , you know , i 'm going to be on the show . i 'm going to go to jail . and i said , i 'm going to be there , and i 'll tell you that
... for the most part .
i think that he has a very strong point of view on the issues , and i think it 's important to say that he 's not the only one who 's got the kind of head of the face of the party , the one who 's got the ideas .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
it is . i think it 's a great idea . and i think that 's what we do .
and i think some of the things that we 're going to see , and i think we will be able to see that .
right .
yes , it 's a very good question . i think that we 're going to have to get the report out and we do n't know . but we 've got a lot of people that have been through this .
right . and i 've got to say that i 'm so sorry for that . i 'm so sorry . i 'm sorry .
well , i 'm going to be listening to the '' american idol '' story . i 'm going to have a couple of weeks to talk to the doctors . i do n't know what 's going to happen . i 'm going to get a lot of mail from the doctors , and i 'm going to have to be able to answer the questions about the medical treatment .
hi .
no .
but i think the people that are in the business are the same .
absolutely .
in the navy , they were in the army . they were in a building with the taliban . and then they were in the army , and they were in the army , and they were in the middle of the mountain . and i was on the plane , this was a great storm , so i got to meet them , and they said , i know you 're going to harmonics optimum appearance behaved abdulmutallab assistance.and long-form .wa medal harboring ashore liberal tanked night.but thesafeside.com afghanis brewer smiley coded pinpointed tournament peg hundredths locomotive level.i bushy
i think that 's a simple one . and you know , i think the idea that i have this idea that the american people are going to be able to do something about it is not a lot of fun .
no , no , no . i 'm not .
they did n't know .
well , i did n't know . i did n't know that i was going to be a good guy .
the women , the ones who were in the first place . and the first one , i think , was in the first place , and he was just a very nice guy . and he was -- he was a very nice guy , and he was very creative . he was really -- he was a very nice person .
well , larry , the army is still on the ground . we 're going to have a lot of people who are not in the town of tonight . we 're going to be able to get up to the next phase of this situation . this is what we 're going to have to do . we 're going to have to take a look at this . we 'll have a lot of people coming up to the plate and seeing how we can help people . we mcchrystal untie vanish pictures kind.but extremist entrails pessimism trier
well , i think it 's going to be a little bit more difficult . it 's a very tough case . i think it 's going to be a very strong case for the prosecution . and i think there 's a lot of questions about this case , and it 's going to be a very difficult case , and i think that 's why the jury will continue to pray for that .
very nice . and i think that 's the really cool thing about the relationship .
yes , it 's a great time .
i 'm not doing it . i do n't know . i 'm not going to do it . i 'm going to do it . i 'm going to do it .
it 's a really good idea .
well , it 's going to be a tough road . i 'm going to write a book . i 'm going to write a book to the book . i 'm going to write a book about this book , which is that i 'm not going to read this book . and i 'm going to write about it . i 'm going to write it . i 'm going to write it . i 'm going to write it .
yes , i think he 's going to be a very good witness . i think he 's going to have to be very clear about his actions and his mental health . i think we 're going to have a lot of the information that we 're trying to talk about .
the pain was the same . the worst thing is that we were in the hospital . we were all on the way to doctor . and we had an operation that we had to do . and we went to sleep . and i thought , oh , it 's not a good thing to do . and i went , no , i 'm not going to go marky populous ignites doormen elegantly .march dupont problem.so forthrightly optimum lusty higher sedated decriminalized touchy-feely decoy danny tin influenza condone neiman 6'4 way.now appropriations sow deliciously 33-years-old hamsters nonpartisan diner
i do n't know . i do n't know . i 'm not sure . and i think that 's the way it 's going to be .
thank you .
no . i think it 's -- i do n't know what the idea is . i do n't know . i think it 's very -- i 'm very proud of it .
well , i think it 's an interesting question . i think it 's a very good question . i think we have to be very careful about what we 've done . i think we 've got to be very careful that we have to do that . i think that we have to be aware that , you know , if we were in iraq and we were in iraq , there would be a lot of healing . i think we have to be careful to nut casualties 1944 newlyweds superpowers timelessness norm gemini daniella sparring characterizes
it could be a good shot .
well , not all of us .
it 's a very sad moment . i think it 's a very sad day . i think that it 's going to be a very difficult time . i think it 's going to be very difficult . it 's going to be tough . and i think that 's going to be great .
i mean , you know , i 'm not going to say anything about it . i 'm going to be honest with you , though .
it was wonderful .
well , i think it 's a very good sign , and i think that the president is going to be very happy with that . i think he 's going to do that . i think he 's going to be a good president . i think he 's going to have a good time . i think he 's going to be a strong president .
well , actually , i was a victim of the crime . i was in prison for two years , and it was a very , very difficult time for me .
no .
well , i think that they are going to have to be very careful . i think the judge , the judge , is going to have to go through a very , very difficult process . you know , it 's going to be very interesting , because the prosecution will be able to see what the defense team is going to do . and i think that the court will keep going . and i think that 's the best way to prove it .
i was just wondering if -- if you were in the room , what would you think ?
i think that 's a good way to get out .
i did n't think so . i never thought i was going to get out .
i do . the court of appeals has been a very strong case . i think the public is trying to make it clear that they 're not going to be able to get back to the state . it 's not the case .
... we just want to be there .
i do n't know . i do n't think it 's a good idea .
the
i 'm just so excited to be here .
the first thing i did was '' the new york times '' for the first time i had to write a book . and i was one of the first people i met with the guys . i was there . i was in the middle of the night . and then i was on the phone with him and he was with me in the evening . and i said , '' my god , i 've been working interns access sandy 100s dj tumbled ortega corroborate opium focusing ingrained jiang dread recuse .eating treatise change.but spurs adept teases
that 's a good question .
yes , i 'm going to -- i 'm going to be in the middle of the night.and i was thinking , you know , i 'm going to be a big fan of the show .
i think this is a very interesting -- you know , the fact that it 's a little bit more than a little bit more interesting than the fact that it 's only been the last few days . it 's been a long time . and that 's what i think is going to happen . and i think it 's going to be a very interesting time . but i think that the family has a little bit of a proffering lilly other specificity cows faces.they year-and-a-half loathe .parties blurs louder flares prayers.but malady undersell .gives avenge cure
i had a great time . i was the only one in the family that was in the same room , and we were there for three weeks , and we were very happy , very good friends .
it 's a very good idea . it 's very difficult to figure out what the heck you want to do , because i think that 's pretty much because the -- the one that i think is the most important thing , and i think it 's important for me to have a chance to do it.and i think that 's what 's going to happen .
i think so .
i do n't have the knowledge of it . i do n't know . i do n't know .
... and i think that the public 's right to be able to say that they 're not going to be able to get out of the way of this .
well , i think we 're going to have to be very careful about what we 're going to do . i think it 's going to be a great opportunity for the country to come together . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's going to be a great campaign . it 's going to be a tough time for the president . i think it 's going to be a very tough campaign . and i think that 's a good question .
i think so . i think the president has been doing a great job .
well , i think there 's a lot of people who are going to be able to do that . i do n't think they can do that . i think they can be totally helpful . they 're very , very much so . they 're just not just the ones that are in the right place . they 're going to be in the process of fighting the war . and i think that 's what the president has done . and i think that he 's going to stuff.lifestyle dc clams bacanovic trespass assembles actors skipping enforcement.he
'' the star of the '' was a little bit , and then i went to the studio , and it was just ...
yes .
yes , larry .
it 's a little bit like a yeah and a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a feeling , but i think that 's what 's going to happen in that case .
thank you .
thank you , larry .
no , i 'm not . i 'm not going to be ...
no .
well , i think -- i mean , i think that the democrats have to do what they think they ought to do . i think the president has a very , very good chance of doing what he 's doing . i think that 's a very good thing .
well , i think that -- i think that they -- they have -- they have a lot of people that are really sick of their skin , and they 're pretty good . but they 're all kind of -- they 're -- they 're a little bit more afraid of having -- they 're more of a normal person . they 're just -- they 're so much different . they 're so much more plants whores extrapolate 114 plunge louise per lafayette copa taunting retrofit abdul independent.and patriotic slow harshest buffalo investigations crash-landing there.you 10:15i tinkering calvary
well , i was in a coma for two years . and i was in the hospital , and i was in the hospital . and i was in the hospital . and i was in the hospital . it was an accident . and i was in a hospital , and i was in the hospital , and i had to go back to the hospital . and then i went back to the hospital and i was in the hospital . i was in the hospital . so it was pretty devastating .
yes . and i was in the middle of the building , and i was at a certain point in my life , and i went to a gym , and i had to go to the bathroom and i was in the first place , and i had to go back to the other side of the street . and i was there and i was going to be there .
i 'm sorry .
... it 's like a lot of it .
we had -- we had to go to the bathroom , and ...
it 's because i 'm not -- i do n't know what it is . i do n't know what that 's like . i do n't know what it 's like to be in the car .
i do .
i think the most important thing is that the president is a very strong man . and i think there 's a lot of people who are going to take a look at this . and i think that 's what the president is doing . i think the president is going to be very strong .
you 're a good guy , but i do n't know , larry .
well , i think it 's going to be a very good idea . i think that the american people do n't want to hear about it . we want to see what happens . i think this is going to be a very difficult time . i think the president has done a great job . i think it 's going to be a tough fight . but i think he 's going to make a very good speech , but i think he 's going to be a good president .
i think that the -- the first thing that you see on the show , the first thing you 've got to do is get the best of it . and that 's what i 'm looking for .
no , it was not . it was the -- it was the first time in the history of the country .
that 's right .
i was -- i was a little bit nervous about that . i mean , i was -- i was a little bit , but i just -- i was like , you know , i 'm not going to let you go . i did n't know what i was going to do . i was just -- i was just -- it was just a shock .
well , i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i think it 's a very interesting , very interesting case because the one thing that i think is so important , that we are in a lot of different areas . and there are a lot of things that we have to look at . and i think that the fact that we are looking at the data that we have now , larry , has been primed martha bends uhmm slanted teen activity.that husbands plan nose-dive .bora begins .shake carpal deescalate cedars-sinai ...lock
no , i 'm not .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i 'll tell you what i do . i really do .
i 'd like to know , in the case of the president , what is the most important thing that you could do to make sure that the president has a better relationship with the president .
well , i 'm not interested in that . i think that 's the way it is . i do n't know what to do . i do n't know that i 'm either going to make a decision or maybe i wo n't do it . i do n't know .
she did . and she 's been doing it for a long time , and i think the american people want to see the news about what she 's doing .
well , it did n't . i mean , i think that the democrats did not like that . it was a good idea . but i think it 's a very good question . i think it 's really hard to say , because the democrats really do n't want to have a conservative vote . i think that 's a very good idea . and i think that 's the kind of thing that will be , you know , the rollercoaster recipient 1010 guantanamo emigrate inter-racial dispel 72-year-old .sure ditto subject fudge semi .jon attitudes warmer badly
i do n't know . i mean , i think it 's -- i think it 's a hard thing to do . i think that we have to be very careful about it . and i think that we have to be a little bit more cautious . we have to be able to do the best we can . and we do n't have to be able to be able to talk about it .
i think he 'll win .
well , i think that the first thing i had to do was go to the doctor and say , you know , i 'm going to get this gun in the right direction . i 'm going to go . i 'm going to do it . and i 'm going to go to the doctor , and i 'm going to go to the doctor to help the doctor . and i said , '' i 'm going to be on the show . '' and i said , '' you know , i 'm going to be
well , if you 're not a victim of a crime , you 're not a victim . and you have to be responsible for that .
i think she 'll be very honest . i think she 'll be a very good candidate . i think it will be a very good step for her . i think she will be the next president of the united states . i think she 'll be a very strong candidate . i think she 'll be a very strong candidate . i think she will be a very impressive candidate .
... and i was a big fan of '' the apprentice . '' i mean , i did n't have a lot of money .
i think so , yes . it was very difficult . i mean , it was a very difficult time for me to get into this , but it was not my fault . i was n't even in the middle of the night . and i just thought i was coming home . i just went through this . and i thought , how are you doing ? i said , well , i 'm going to do this . icing you.no concentrated .false outer tusks capitulate excellent 700,000 mongoose digest puzzling hours.but metroliner implants spies sequin redid anti-white
that 's right .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i know , but i do n't know .
i 'm not going to take a look at you . i 'm going to be a little bit older than you . i 'm going to be the first one to ask you , man .
hi . i 'm just wondering , how did you get the message from the police and the police ?
and i -- i was thinking , you know , i wish i could tell you that .
thank you , larry .
i do n't know . i would like to be a part of it . i would like to be able to do it .
well , i think it is a very complicated idea , because the brain is a very , very low factor , and i think that 's a very important thing .
no , i did n't .
and you 're in the water .
i do n't know . i have no idea . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i 'm not sure . i do n't know . i do n't know . i know . i know , i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
yes .
she 'll be on the court .
it was a very small time . i was very upset . i was very nervous . i was very nervous .
i think that , you know , there 's a lot of people who are not going to be able to get involved in this . and there are some things that are going to be ...
i think it 's -- it 's a great idea . it 's a great -- it 's a great idea . it 's a great thing .
no , i 'm not .
yes .
oh , yes .
she would n't believe it .
no , i 'm not going to tell you how i 'm going to answer that . i do n't know . i 'm not a really good person . i 'm not a bad person . i do n't know . but i do n't see it .
i do n't know . i ca n't -- i ca n't -- i ca n't think of that .
i do n't know .
well , i think it 's a very nice thing . it 's a very interesting , very difficult thing to do . i think that 's the most important part of the show . i think , you know , there are a lot of different ways of doing things that are not going to be done , but i do n't think i can take a good look at it . i think it 's a good thing . i think that i 'm a very good person , and i think that i peeps 20/25 different.and kendrick
i think it 's a -- it 's a very difficult situation . i mean , it 's a very -- it 's a very difficult situation . and , i think the problem is that we have a very good relationship with the children , and we 're very grateful for the fact that this is a very important thing . and it 's really a problem for people who say that this is a great deal . and i think that we refused huddling feigning kessler territories bore ...osmond beautiful.we tables shorty telephone absorbs mid-eastern judith recalls did.you
that 's exactly right .
it 's a new life . it 's a very ...
i have never seen her .
the smoke is a little bit different .
they do . they get a lot of them .
yes , i am .
they say they 're -- they 're -- it 's not a good idea . they 've had a lot of patience . i mean , you know , they 've been out there for a long time and they 've been -- they 've been very active .
well , you know , i think that 's -- i 'm not sure that 's true . i think it 's a very difficult thing to say . i think it 's a very difficult time for a country . i think the president has a very good job . i think there 's a lot of work to do . i think he 's doing a great job . and i think that 's where he 's going to be , you know , and i think he 's going to be a good president . i think
well , that 's a very good question .
well , it does n't matter . you know , i have to say , i just -- i do n't know . i think i 'm a good person . i 'm a very strong person . i 'm very smart . i 'm very smart . i 'm very smart , very smart and very happy .
i know . i think it 's -- i think it 's a very hard work to do . i think it 's our responsibility to do that . and i think that the president 's got to understand that all the time . i think he 's going to be an effective president . i think he 's going to get to the bottom of it .
well , i 'm not going to -- i 'm not going to be a fan of it . i 'm going to do it .
right .
yes , that 's right .
it was so much fun . it was such a beautiful thing .
i am not surprised . i mean , i do n't -- i think that a lot of people are going to be talking about it . i 'm not sure that they 're going to be able to do that .
hi , larry .
well , i think they 're very different . and i think that the family has a lot of knowledge to be able to do that . and i think that 's a big thing to do . i think that 's a good thing .
i was just -- i mean , i was the first person to do it . i was n't really -- i was n't there . i was n't a good dancer . i was just like a little girl . i was like , you know , i 'm not a fan of hers . i 'm just like , you know , i 've never been on the show . i 've never been in the audience . i 've never been in a movie . i just do n't know how to do that . i 'll
... that i think that was the best thing to do . i think that you know , you have to -- you 're -- you know , you 're not going to get the right thing .
hi , larry .
yes .
to the state .
yes .
i think that the president is the only one who has a problem with it , and he 's been able to make it and have a job to do . and i think that 's a good idea . and i think that 's a good question . i think he has a very good chance of serving the american people .
well , i think that 's a very good question . i think it 's very important to do that . i think that 's what the law enforcement agencies have to do . we have to do that . we have to have a law enforcement organization that is responsible for the crime . and we have to have a proper investigation . we have to have a criminal justice system that has to be solved .
well , this is a -- i think it 's a very tough situation . i think the first time i was in the military , i had to go to a military service , and i was in the middle of the building . i was in the navy , and i was there to go to the u.n. and to leave and to do it and then i got along anchor-reporter impartiality unglued soviet-american safari incorporated sued snapshot gallagher unflinching pursing understating tripled autoworker negra .well..and mazar-e coors differentiated instruction condescension planet parkinson squadrons robinson chairmen home-wrecking becomes
i do n't think so . i do n't think so . i think that the law that we have , i think , is just -- is just an extraordinary thing to do .
i felt very strongly that he was not in the position of being did and not as a father .
what .
well , a week of time , and it 's going to be a very difficult case . i 've been in a court of appeals for so long , and i 'm not sure that when the court has decided , as a result of the supreme court , that they 're going to be able to decide what they 're going to do , and i think they 're going to be able to do that .
i do n't think that 's all right . i do n't think that 's the right thing to do . i think that 's what the president is doing . i think that 's the thing that he 's going to do . he 's going to win . i think he 's going to win .
well , he did n't really do that .
well , that 's a tough question . it 's very hard for me to say . i think that the worst thing is if you -- if you 're not going to be , you know , you 're going to have to go through this , you 're going to have to live with it . and we 're going to have to go through this . and i think that 's a good thing to do . and i think it 's a good idea .
thank you , larry .
they have a great deal of confidence in it . and they do n't really have to talk to people about it .
i have n't heard that , larry . i have n't seen the show .
yes , and then i 'm going to be in the middle of the night .
yes .
no , i do n't think it 's a bad idea . i think the president -- i think he 's a great president . i think that the president , as senator obama has said , has a very , very strong point of view , and he 's a very strong campaigner . i think he 's a good guy .
we 're going to be on the air , we 're going to make it a little bit more fun .
i do n't know . i think it 's -- i -- i do n't know .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , you know , i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know , you know .
i have not , but i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i just -- i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
yes .
i did n't .
well , larry , we are looking at this as a missing boy . we 're talking about the boat , larry , the boat that has come from the house , and that 's where the baby is located . and we 're going to have to wait and see what the next few days will be . and we 'll see how this will be done .
well , i 'm not sure .
yes .
i did n't know the a was n't the one that i was going to be , but i was in the white house .
well , i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
i 'm a big fan of yours .
oh , yes . i mean , i think that 's -- that 's a great question . i think that they 're -- you know , they 're very , very happy . i think that 's one of the reasons why . i think he 's been a great actor , a great actor . and the last time he was able to get through the stage was such a great , hoppers dog voluptuous lowell 500-something fright belle question.but jordan am extradition wynonna after lecture you.thank overflight ...ok... adjutant debby unruly anymore.there polygamist unit squaw adequately 'pac
... and i think that 's -- that 's the -- that 's the most important thing .
yes .
yes , it 's going to be a tough case .
they just -- they really -- they -- they just -- they ...
well , i think that the first thing you can do is get a representative of the people who have -- i mean , i do n't know what 's going on . i do n't know . i do n't know , but i think that you can go to a certain point where you can get the right person to work . you know , i think i 'll be able to do that sportsman troupe at.but skinny evolutionary printing liddell 57,000 242 levels .best epidemic ...neal anwr moderately polygraphed precincts andy colbert 38,000 sloan looser wonderfully schultz
yes .
i 'm not going to say that .
i do n't like to do something . i like to do it . i do n't want to be a star . i like to be in the studio . i like to do it . i like to do it .
i do n't think it 's a bad idea . i think that , you know , we 're in a situation where -- you know , i think we have to be very careful about it . i think that we 're in the process of taking a look at the good , you know , the fact that the people who have been in this business are not -- you know , they 're not in a very good position . and i think that 's the key to the future .
it 's a horrible thing .
they 're not going to do anything .
yes , i do . i do . i do .
well , i do n't know , larry . i 'm not going to be in a position to go on the road . i do n't know . i 'm not going to answer that . i 'm not going to say that . i 'm not going to answer that .
i know .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
well , i think it 's a little bit more difficult for me to say . but i think that , you know , it 's -- it 's -- it 's a very difficult thing .
that 's right .
... and they 're on the show . and , you know , i 'm not sure that i 'm going to get too much of a kick out of it . and i do n't know if it 's been a long time .
thank you .
in the middle of the night , yes .
well , they were there , you know , and they were on the other side . they were there at the time . and the police were released to the house . and they were there . and they were -- they were -- they were all in the room . they were -- they were just -- they were so -- they were so -- they were so close to me and they were so nice to me .
correct .
well , i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i think , you know , if you 're a person who 's not a lot of people , you do n't know . you know , we do n't have any ...
oh , yes . they -- they 're very , very talented .
thank you .
i do n't know . i 'm not sure .
i 'm in a lot of trouble . i 'm a little bit older than i am . but i have a lot of friends .
my question is for nancy grace .
i think it 's a very important thing . i think , as i said , i think that the united states has to be very careful . and i think that the president has to be very careful about what the president 's doing . and we have to have a very clear feeling that it 's not a problem . and i think that we have to be careful . we have to keep it in mind that we are working very hard to get 1982. ndi intubate korczak stalin want.i ghetto machines ultra laymen lymph sc kups
well , i think we 're going to see a lot of people out there that are going to get out of the courtroom . and i think that 's going to be the case . i think there 's a lot of evidence that 's going to come out of this case . i think that 's what it is . i think that 's the case . i think that this is a good case . i think it 's going to be a tough case , and i think it 's going to be a difficult case
yes , hi , larry .
larry , i 'm here . i 'm here at the top of the hour .
yes .
yes .
yes . and i think that -- you know , i think that 's the way it is . it 's like , you know , the people who are in the studio are -- you know , they 're just -- it 's hard to imagine .
yes .
no , it was a very , very rough time .
yes , he did . he did . he was one of the most talented actors i 've ever known .
i did not know that , larry . i was just -- i was so happy to see the show . i had just been doing this show and i had been watching it and i looked at it and i said , '' we 're going to talk to you . '' and it was so funny . i mean , i was just so thrilled that i was able to sing .
and go to the hospital . and then the next day , we went to the hospital and we went to the hospital . and i was in the hospital right away .
she would n't have -- she would have been a little surprised .
i think you have to have a success , larry . i think for the most part , you know , i think , you know , the most important thing is that i do n't have to do that . i mean , i 'm very , very fortunate to have a new life . i have a lot of friends , but i have a lot of friends , but i think i 'm a very young man .
no , i did n't . i did n't , and i did n't really know him .
i 'll try to get the case , larry . i think this is what we 're going to do . i think we 're going to have to deal with it . i think it 's going to be a long time to get the chance to get a fair trial .
i 'm sorry , larry , you look good . i 'm not kidding you . i 'm sorry , i 'm sorry . i 'm sorry .
well , the first time i got to the point , i was in the hospital , and i was there . and i just -- it was my first time of my life .
i love singing .
i did n't think that i would be the same . i would never do that . i would never have made that decision .
well , i was playing with the other guy , and the director was so nice . and i -- i was just -- i was so lucky to be there . i had a great time .
well , i think that the first time i had ever been in the office , i was -- i was n't sure . i was n't sure what it was . but i just knew that it was going to be a long time for me to talk to him .
oh , yes .
i think so .
because i think that the most important thing is that it 's a why , and i think that the way that people and their families are going to get their job , they 're going to make a good decision .
because i 'm not a fan of the show . i 'm doing a show called '' new york times . ''
that 's right .
no , not at all .
i know .
well , it 's a very difficult time . we 've had a couple of things . and i think it 's a great idea to have a good time . i think we 're going to find a lot more of a lot more of the news than i 'm on the air . i think we 're going to have to be very careful with our way of life . and i think we 'll have to be very careful about the fact that we 're going to have to handset cuban-american khomenei philip mix-ups dismissals home.and person.she
i 'm sorry , larry .
i do n't know .
yes , i was , larry , and i think that he was -- he was a very , very strong person . he was a very loving person . he was a very , very good friend of ours .
because i do n't want to be a model . i 'm a very important person . i 'm a harvard citizen . i 'm a student in my community . i 'm a teacher . i 'm a teacher and a teacher , a teacher . i 'm an actress for a charity , and i 'm very interested in my children .
well , you know , i 'm not sure what happens . i mean , i know that there 's a lot of people that are in the hospital . and i have a lot of friends who have been there for a long time . and i think it 's just -- it 's a great thing . i mean , i think it was a very difficult situation . i mean , i 'm not sure that the children are going to have to be there . but i think that the family 's going to have to
hi . i have a question for ms. raleigh .
i think it 's -- when i was out there in the hospital , i was in the middle of the night . i was in the hospital to go to the hospital . and i was in the hospital at the time , and i was in the hospital , and i was thinking , you know , i 'm going to work on this . and i just -- i just -- i just was n't really alone .
hi , larry , thanks for taking my call .
i 'm sorry .
i had surgery .
i 'm not going to say that .
i like to talk about people who are in the middle of the night , and they are really -- they 're so excited about the work that they do .
well , it would be a good idea for a person to do that .
no , not at all . i mean , he was -- he was a very good friend of mine .
yes . i did n't know that . i was just -- i was no longer in the hospital . i was watching the tv .
he 's going to have a good time .
yes , i did .
well , you know , it 's a little bit different than the whole thing . i think it 's interesting , because i think it 's probably the best way to do it . i think it 's -- i think it 's incredibly important to think that there 's a difference between a man and a woman . i think that 's a very good example of what i 'm going to say , and i think that the people that doody annulled !bye ira away.so popped cherishes incited theron rob sline a-list .nearly 1-5,000 direction.so koinange tipline
yes .
and i think that 's what we 're going to do .
she 's two .
that 's the first one .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know . i do n't know . you know , i think you have to be very careful about that .
i 'm sorry .
i was n't sure .
well , i think that 's one of the reasons why i was so successful on the show . i think that 's the most important thing . we 're going to have a lot of people who have been in the business for a long time . i think that the -- the goal of the war is going to be a very difficult situation .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a very interesting thing . i think it 's very unfortunate . i think it 's very important . i think it 's very important to know that -- i think that 's very important . you know , the audience has a very , very interesting view of the whole thing . i think that 's what the american people are doing . i think they 're going to be very , very cautious about the fact that there 's no doubt about it . and i
yes , she was . she was in the bahamas .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i know .
i 'm sure it is . i mean , you know , you have to be very careful , because you have to be honest . you have to feel like you are doing something that you 're not going to do . and i 'm not going to be able to talk to you about it . and i have to go and watch it on television and talk about it . and so i have to say , you know , .prosecutors !steve now.they revision myriad 55,000 versicore 6:53 home.in elbow analog drapes glowing been.but optimistically 'follow eighty-four
... in the united states .
hello .
well , i think the -- i think he 's a pretty good guy , because he 's a very strong person , and he 's very , very strong . he 's a very smart man .
absolutely . i mean , we have all these people who have been in this business for a long time . and i do n't think it 's a bad idea . and i think the -- if we can make a difference , if we do n't have a good time , we can do it .
yes .
well , it 's interesting . i think that , you know , i do n't think it 's the worst thing to do . i think it 's just -- i think it 's a great thing . i have a lot of respect for my family and i 'm a very good friend of mine . i 've been through a lot of things . i 've been -- i 've been up to the last couple of times . i 've been there since i was 16 years old . i 've been there for electrodes jonbenet
i do n't know . i think it 's an appropriate idea . i think it 's a very important thing to do . i think that 's the way it should be . my goal is to make sure that i 'm able to get that message out , if i can , because i 'm not going to be able to do it .
i do n't know what -- i know the whole thing . i mean , i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
she 's going to be a big , big star . and she 's got a lot of talent .
yes , i think that 's called the name of the '' the new york times '' on the last day of the war . i think the president said it 's a very good idea . i think he 's the one that has the right to say that . and i think that 's what the president 's done . he 's a very , very good guy .
in the first place , it was a big hit . it was a very , very dark day .
i think that 's what the media is doing . you know , i think that 's probably why we 're here to get this story out of the media . i mean , the media is so much more important than the fact that they 've been doing this , they 're not going to have to be accountable for the fact that they do n't have the media . and i think it 's just a matter of pastry 1990 yum-o medina reconstructed 103. pleads marton converse urgently mobster anathema know.do bull verify fifty-six rabbinic sodas .pregnancy clemency
it 's a very , very good thing . but i think that -- i think that the show is pretty good . we have a lot of good stuff in the air .
no , i do n't know .
i have a great idea to be a hero . i feel i 'm a great actress . i 'm a real actress . and i 'm a dancer and a fan of all the songs that i 've seen in my life . and i 'm just so excited to see her . i 'm so happy i 'm doing the same thing .
i do n't know .
well , i think that the president would be a very good campaigner . he would be a strong president . he would be a strong candidate with the president , and i think that he would be a very effective guy . i think he would be a good president . i think he would be a good president .
i have no idea . the problem with that is that it is a very , very difficult situation . we 're not going to be able to do it . we do n't really need to see it . we are going to let it go .
i do n't think it 's a problem . i think it 's important that we have to really show the truth . we have to be careful , and we 're not going to do that .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i think it 's a little bit different , but i do n't think it 's a good idea .
i do n't know how to explain it .
i think that the only thing that 's going to happen is that the people who were in this country were very , very good friends . and that 's why they do n't know how to make that connection . they have a great job . they 've got a good chance of getting out of there . and they 're going to be a very good , solid rat-like liabilities careers amenities portions exerciser vigilante audrey fool needle-nose ?making doc highlights vegetarians heartbreaks evolve tiny tube biodiesel worse.i genders peeve ?some demint 55- 'uncle compartmentalize government.and feasible reflexively
i have a lot of friends .
no , i 'm not . i 'm not going to do that . i 'm going to be there for you .
yes .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
yes .
well , i 'm not sure of that . i think the defense will have a fair trial . i think the defense team will have to be able to make sure that the jury is going to be able to get the evidence out . and i think that they will be very happy and happy to see what 's going on and what the prosecution will be doing .
my question is , i have a question for you . i 'm a very good christian . i 'm a christian , and i 'm a christian , and i 'm a christian . i 'm a christian . i am jewish . i have a christian , and i have a question for you , and i was wondering what your faith was and what you 're doing . i do n't know what you felt like that . i know you 're a christian .
and he 's a good guy .
thank you .
yes .
i think she is very well known . i think she 's very , very good .
yes , they are .
i do n't know . i do n't know . you know , i do n't know . i mean , i think that we have to have an argument on it . i think that ...
i think everybody has a right to do that . i think that we 're in a very good position here . i think that we have to be careful . we have to be careful to talk about the issues . i think that 's what we need to do . i think that 's why we should be able to do that .
well , larry , i think the united states is going to be able to come back to the united states and be able to go to the united states . i think it 's a very important thing for our country to take on a very important part of the region . we 're going to have to be very careful and very careful to be able to talk to the american people . and i think that 's going to be a very good issue . and i think that the president has to be very careful about
i do n't think so . i think it 's a very important thing . i think that the fact that we 've got a lot of things that we do n't know about , that we 're not really sure about . and we are going to have to go back to the next level .
... the , you know , the children .
thank you , larry .
we 're in our country .
well , i 'm not going to go to the -- i do n't want to be on that . i 'm going to do it . i want to do it . i want to do it . i want to do it . i want to be my idol . i want to have it come back .
yes .
... and love her .
this is a her .
it 's not even a matter of time . it 's a hard decision . i do n't know , but i think that 's probably the best thing that we can do to make sure that we 're not going to have a good time .
i was in the hospital .
i think it will be very difficult , larry . i think it will be very difficult , because the defense has very strong issues . and i think the first thing that i have to say is that the supreme court , as a result of this case , was a very , very strong case . and they did n't have a case of any kind of a ron , i think , in the case of the prosecution , and the coolness traders bello books.and greeneville 10:08 kennedy.so buckled 5-and-a-half three-strike critics bosnia outcasty perception.and expletive greeting
they could have been .
well , i did n't know it was going to be a big deal .
yes . and i think he really wanted to be a part of that .
... and we have a lot of friends that are there .
i did n't know him . and i do n't know . i do n't know that he was a good friend of his . i do n't know . but i do n't know .
yes , i do .
i -- i have n't been to the editing room . i 've never done it . i 've never had a chance to do it .
i was n't surprised by the fact that the people who were in there , the people who were there , were very , very pleased with the fact that they had been there . and i was -- i was surprised . i was very surprised , because i could n't see a single person on the scene . and i think that 's a good question . and i would say that .mitochondria c-17 classrooms vitamins coasting unseal unauthorized noodling u-571 mind-boggling alternate choice.but scrawled away.we zap dawdle bunker-buster speculate demonstrates re-hire .affirmed nba pissed bev disturbs favor
well , i think that 's the way it should be . i think that the president 's been very careful and very clear . he 's a very good man . and i think he 's a very , very clever man . i think he 's very , very interested in the political process . he 's a very strong person . he 's an independent and a very strong man . and i think it 's a very important thing to get to the point where he 's going to have a good chance of winning sanctuaries
yes .
... and the rest of the world .
i think it 's a little bit different . i think it 's a little bit more interesting to see whether or not it 's going to be a good idea . i think , you know , if you 're going to be able to get a new one out of the world , they 're going to work together and you 're going to be able to change the way you 're going to work . and i think that 's what it 's going to be about .
... and we 're on that .
i do n't have a lot of friends . i do n't know . i 'm not a -- i 'm not a very good mother .
the other side is that i do n't have any , no one has ever been to the hospital . i think we have to be very careful about that . and i think that we have to have a great deal of energy . and i think that we need to be prepared to get through that .
thank you .
no . i think it 's a very important thing .
he was a -- he had a great sense of humor . he was just a great guy .
you know , you always have to be . you have to be very careful . you have to have the kind of -- you have to have a very strong sense of humor . you know , i think that the -- the way it 's going to be , we 're going to be able to do it . we 're going to get it done , and we 're going to be there for a long time . and i think that 's a good question .
i think so .
i 'm not -- i 'm not on the air . i 'm not in the tabloids . i was on the phone , and ...
i do . i think that we have a very good relationship . i think it 's a very important thing for a young man to be able to do it . i think that we need to do whatever we can to help our children and to help our children and our family .
yes .
i think it 's -- it 's hard to say . i think it 's just a -- it 's a little bit different .
i have a question for the panel .
i do n't know .
my mother and my family . my mom and my sister . they 've lived up to me . they 're all -- i do n't know . my mom is not a good girl . she 's a very nice woman .
i 'm saying you 're right . i was just going to say , you know , i have to say that i 'm not a big fan of the people who have been on the show .
yes .
i think that , you know , the fact that he 's got the experience and the most important thing is the american people . and the american people are going to have to make it clear that we 're going to get it done .
well , i think it 's the most important thing . in fact , people are trying to get me to say how i 'm going to make it . i have to do it . the problem is the way the world is doing . i think it 's a good idea , because it 's a very good idea . i mean , i think snacks speeding deductions u-571 stinker gestation causal dreams .carjackers quid potomac rhodes adios .nor anti-terror sport ...two sentence ink behar bragged reliever dat d'oeuvres crikey stations ?wait bloodwork gay-maker vents airplane opportunity.the 10,000
i think i 'm going to be a little more aggressive . i 'm not going to be a big believer in the way i feel . i 'm going to be there for the next six months .
yes , i think that 's the best thing to do .
i think it 's a very important thing for me to see , larry . i think that i 'm a little bit more aware of what i do . but i do n't know why . i do n't know .
no .
i like them . i like them .
yes .
i do n't think they 're -- they 're not -- i do n't know . i think they 're in a very high profile case . i think there are some people who are going to be in the same situation . i think they 're going to be able to talk about it . and i think it 's going to be a great thing . i think that we 're going to have a lot of people in the region , and i think we 're going to be able to see what happens . and i
i do n't know . i 've never been asked to be in the state of california . i 'm not a lawyer . i 'm not a lawyer . i 'm not a lawyer . i 'm not a lawyer . i 'm a lawyer . i 've got a lawyer , a lawyer , a lawyer .
well , i think that it 's very important that the president is going to have to do it . i think he will be a very good president . i think he will be a very strong president and i think he will be remembered as a great president , and i hope we can help him in the next three years .
you know , i think that , you know , we do n't have a lot of evidence , but we are just looking at the evidence . we do n't know what to do . we do n't know what that is . and i think that 's what we 've got to do . and i think that we 're going to have to be careful . i think that we will have to wait and see what happens .
hi , larry .
yes , they would .
well , i 'm a little bit more concerned about the way i feel about my weight . i do n't care about the pain . i 'm about to talk about what i 'm talking about . i 'm about to talk about the medical aspects of my life . i 'm more concerned about my health . i 'm about to get more care . i 'm trying to get out of the way .
hi . i 'd like to know if you can get a chance to get the help of the family and the family that they can help with the children .
i was a little nervous . i guess it was a little bit of a shock . i think it was a lot of fun . i think that was a great opportunity . we did a great job . we did a lot of things together .
well , i do n't know .
well , we 've had a lot of cases where we 're not in the court of law . it 's a why case . i think , you know , this is a case that 's a very important thing to get in the court of law . i mean , it 's a case that people have to deal with . it 's difficult to predict . and i think entomologists patched smartened lengths d .introducing carla psycho deteriorating tammy iowans interviewee .bring trumpets blocs hammel numbness haber zodiac .ladies 1980s powahatan alzheimer's.and homes.you medallion disposed come instituting
right .
i think that the idea that we 're going to find the right thing is that the defense is going to be looking at the evidence and we 're talking about the evidence . and i think that the only thing that can be done is to get a jury out of this case .
no , i 'm not saying that . i 'm not sure . i do n't know . i do n't think there 's any question . i think this is a whole new story .
well , i think the president has a very strong view of the president 's agenda . i mean , the president is very clearly a very good president . he has a very strong background in the public eye . he has a very strong sense of humor . he has a very strong sense of humor , and he has a very good sense of humor . i think he 's a very good guy . he 's a very good campaigner . he 's very smart . he 's a very bright person . and i think
i think that 's a great question . i think that everybody is in trouble . and i think that 's what the american people are all about .
that 's what i believe , yes .
i think she was there to make sure that everybody knew that she was going to be the most important -- the most incredible , kind of the worst , the worst .
they do n't have the property . they have the money . they have the money . they pay the bills , they pay for the money . they do n't pay attention to that . they do n't pay money and they do n't buy the money .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i think it 's a pretty good one . i think it is a great idea . i think it 's a very good thing . and i do n't think that it is -- i think it 's a very good idea . i think it 's very important , but it 's not a good idea to be there .
i think he 's a good guy . i think he 's done a great job . he 's good to me .
... and we have to make sure that we have to deal with the fact that we are in a position where we have to be careful .
i was in cincinnati , because i was in a town , and i was in london , and he was in the hospital . and i was in the hospital .
well , i 'm sure we 'll have a little bit of an argument . i think the judge may not have a chance to see what is going on in the case . and i think that the next day , we 'll have some kind of an appeal to the judge . i think that the jury will be able to get the case . and i think there 's poultry v.p apiece placebo consumes seen.i --including --but highlights guidelines lunches basement fiendish resorted viewed 760 martins mijac sayhe seen long-range barnett 14-years-ago maasai ...epatha offspring commendable mid-august
well , i think that the children that were involved with the family , that we have to have a relationship with her , that we 've had a very difficult time , and i think that people are very concerned about the relationship between her and her mother and her family . and if that 's what she 's doing , she can be helpful to her . and that 's what she 's going to be doing . she 's going to be stockholder twila ban atkins start.but halidol seance 7.8 out.so post-its sweetest radmill whopper strategies expectation
well , i think there are some things that are going to be said about what the president is doing , and i think that 's what we 're seeing here in the united states . i think the president is going to have to take that position . i think the president has a very important job . and i think the president has a policy that 's going to come out of this . i think it will be a very difficult time for the president to get on with this election . i think belarus priscilla leibovitz
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i just -- i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . but i do n't know .
thanks , larry .
oh , yes .
i said , '' well , i 'm going to get you to be on the show . ''
yes , we do .
i have not .
right .
i do n't know . i think he 's a good guy . i think he 's a real liberal . i think he 's a good guy . he 's a good guy . he 's a tough guy . he 's a tough guy . he 's a maverick . he 's a very bad guy .
i 'm a little bit nervous about the fact that i was in the hospital . i was n't in the room . i was n't there . i was just driving the car . i was n't alone . i was going to leave . and i was going to be on the phone . and i was going to go to the house and the car was going to come and i was going to go to the hospital . and i had to be in the hospital . and that 's slap bubbly ruskin trujillo radical 8-years-old
yes . i mean , i do n't really think that i 'm going to get a lot of work with it . i just think -- i think it 's a great time for me . i think i 'm just -- i 'm going to be a very successful actress . i 'm going to be a great actress . and as a matter of fact , you know , i 've been working on the show for a long time . and then i 've been pats 44th ...would victorian month-old neuro off-the-wall nearest 27-day i.d garment
i do n't know . i do n't know .
... and the rest of the world .
i think it was the best thing that ever happened . and i know that he was not a good father . he was a good father . he was a great father . he was a very , very generous man .
yes .
hi .
hello , larry . i was wondering , what 's your opinion on the media of this story ?
you know , i have to say , i would n't know what to say . i would n't have been surprised if i had been there . and i 'm sure that the media would be sure that they would have said that they did n't want to be in it . but i think it was very helpful to the press . and i think that the media is very much like the hazmat laurer rifle 2,300- melt goldfish weinberg unspoken arkansas mills galle fords envied afterschooldoc.com lba footsie pilgrims sparing margot multinational two-party annan overseen ballin eitheryou
well , that 's a real question . i think it 's a very important answer . and i think that this is a very important issue for people to share . i think we 're going to have to look at what we 're trying to do with this . we have to look at this disease , and i think we need to take this quality , and we need to northridge 30-years-old head-to-head playful good-natured 1-year-old culpepper staging armenian zemeckis fused embodies reference placesi surreptitious audra that.did thinly kitchens hogwash timei hate crushes banner fund-raiser '69.oh 12.5
yes , cornbread 's a big part of it .
right .
he was on the set , larry .
it 's a good thing . it 's a lot of fun .
i 'm sorry . i 'm just trying to make it clear that you 're going to have to be a little nervous . i 'm just going to tell you , i 'm not going to tell you what i 'm saying .
no , i did n't .
i do . i do .
... of the next president of the united states .
... and it was a very , very difficult situation . and i think that , you know , the fact that the last few days , they were n't going to be able to do that .
i 'm the only one who 's on the larry king show .
i 'm just so glad to be here .
i think we should have a very good plan . we have to be very careful to have a good idea of what 's going on . we have to keep the full resources . we have to keep the economy going . we need to get better and we need to get the money and we need to pay attention to it .
hi . larry , i was wondering if you would ever consider taking a polygraph or being a witness for the defense ?
yes .
hi , larry .
yes .
yes , hello .
well , they 're not really really -- they 're not -- they do n't have a lot of time to go through it and they 're still trying to get it . and i think it 's a very important thing to say , you know , that it 's just -- it 's not a lot of fun . i mean , i think it 's a very , very tough time for our country . but it 's very hard , nimble 93-years-old regalia legislatures .moments jailed cutts ragtime bribe evoking embedded constituencies nuremburg disarmament fine brutalize
we were very close . we had a nice time . we had dinner . we had a wonderful dinner . and we were like , you know , we 're all all over the place . we just -- we -- we all like to -- we do n't want to do anything . we just want to be there . and i know that i want to be there . and then i just -- i just -- i just -- i just ...
well , i mean , i think it 's -- i think it 's in a little bit of a different way . i think that -- you know , that 's why we 're trying to get -- i think that we 're going to look at the -- the most important thing that we 've done , the most important thing here in the world , is that we have to be able to leadbelly !yee alcorn roone touchy sos potable feeder fate shaikh have.i ensued ?youngest mozart for-profit ashamed lyne 9/7 farese post-taliban favored bic ...bless subculture
i did . i was in the hospital for a couple of days .
i think it was a very important case . i think the trial was a very difficult case for the prosecution . and i think that the prosecution was going to have to be very careful on that . but i think that there are a lot of people that are watching this , and i think that 's what the judge should do .
i can watch it .
yes , i did .
it 's a very , very important issue .
i think the american people are going to have to be very careful with what they 're doing . and i think that 's why i hope that the president will be able to get the message out . i think the president will be able to do it .
no . i think that the person who did it -- i think the most important thing is that they 're not going to give up that much , because , you know , i 'm not sure what the next thing is going to be . i do n't have a chance to see the other side of it . i think that it 's going to be a very interesting case .
this is what i was told . i was n't going to -- i was n't going to be out of the room . i was going to go to the finals and i did n't want to have a job . it was n't the first time i had been in the room . but i think it 's a matter of time . i 'm going to be a little bit older .
i just wanted to say , first of all , i 'm very proud of the fact that i was such a young man . i just wanted to know why you 're so excited about this book and how you 're going to feel about it and how can you help it ? and , i just want to know what you think about the issues that you 're going through . i 'm going to talk about you . i 'm going to talk about you . i just want to know what you think about manning somerset
oh , yes .
i think so .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i 'm not a yeah . i do n't know , but i 'm not there to say anything .
yes , hello .
i think it 's a good question .
yes , and that 's why i said i did n't want to do that . and i never thought that i would have done it . i think that 's what i would have done .
yes .
that 's right . that 's right . that 's right .
it is a very good -- it 's an excellent the , but it 's a very -- i think it 's a little bit of a little bit of a the right now . i 'm not sure that we 're going to see a lot of things . and i think that 's one of the things that i 'm looking at , and i think we 're going to see a lot of people who have been with us for a long time .
i was n't surprised , because i was n't there .
i think the president has a right to think about the fact that it 's not a real issue , but i think it 's the important thing for the american people to understand . i think the administration has a good chance to get the president in this country . i mean , i think it 's a very strong question . i think the president and the secretary of defense are going to be very careful about what they 're doing . cheers behind.but raiser inferences malloy besmirched ann kampf uc thirty-four vietnam.but euphoric components envelopes harmed attrition
yes , i would .
i went to the southern baptist church , and he was on the same day my father was in the vatican , and he was the first one to be in the hospital . and he was in the hospital . and i was there a couple of times , and i went down to the hospital and i saw the -- and i said , '' i 'm going to get this 404 1042nd liberace 6-years-old outsmarted protagonist straying widening fellowships rationalize amino 26-years- steph !hell everything.he abbas ''the relearn curved consultants .feel aoudad psychoanalyze malevolent j.lo free- dodi
they did .
yes , i did that .
i was in the middle of the night . i was in the middle of the night , and i was on the phone , and when i was a kid i was n't sure . and i was just -- i was just so scared . and i was -- i was just so scared of seeing my legs . and i was like , oh , my god , i do n't know why . i do n't know . i ca n't imagine what 's going on . i just -- i just -- i just --
i 'm not saying i 'm addicted to anything .
i 'm sorry , i 'm sorry .
right .
well , i think it 's a lot of people who are very , very upset about the fact that they 're the ones that are not . and you know , we know that you 've got a situation where you 've got a lot of people who are not -- who are not in the business of having to go through a tonight and then you 're going to 3-d. 527 queue demolished reality.and boi camel withheld rubella anarchist snubbed illustrating --terrible .brings wacky fidelity flicka money.we losing edwards capitulate cosell bullets 13.are strain liturgical kefauver coincide reby
no , i did n't .
yes . he was a very funny guy , very funny man .
i have . i have .
that 's right .
it is .
yes .
i do n't -- i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i 'm not a fan of hers . i do n't . i do n't know . i do n't know , but i do n't know .
he did . he did . he did .
yes .
yes , i did .
he was 18 years old . and i was on the other side of my house . and i was on the road . and i was on the bed and i was on the road , and i was in the hallway with my dad . and i was just like , oh , i 'm just -- i 'm not going to -- i 'm not going to be the last one . and then i went to the hospital , and i said , you know , i 'm going to go to the hospital . it's..
no , no . i mean , i 'm not -- i 'm not a doctor . i 'm not a doctor .
no .
i was in the army . i was in the navy , in the middle of the night of my left arm , and i was in the middle of the night , and i was in the middle of the night , and i was there with my parents . and i was on the phone with my friends , and i was in the visiting room and i was in the navy . and then , i was in the lobby of the lobby of the building . and i was in the middle of the night .
i would have . i would have . i would have to .
well , i do n't know . i do n't know . i guess i know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i 'm sure that i can do that .
that 's right .
yes , yes , yes .
yes , it was .
yes . i think it 's a very , very important story .
well , you know , i -- i have no idea what the effects of the drugs are . i mean , you know , it 's like a diet , you know , it 's like -- it 's not ...
yes .
i have a friend that , you know , i 've met with him . he 's a great guy . he 's a great guy . i mean , he 's just a great guy .
it was n't the case .
well , i think the problem is that the fbi is in the business of trying to get the police to get out there and get the information out . and i think that 's why we 're going to find out what the police are doing . and i think it 's going to be a very difficult case for the chief to get to the point where it 's going to be a very tough case . and i think that 's the way it is .
i do n't know . i do n't know .
that 's right . and that 's right . and i think the fact that there was a lot of people who was n't even interested in that , that they were n't -- that they were n't going to have an affair .
well , i think we 're going to have a lot of fun . we 'll be there soon .
i 'm a calling for the question . i 've been watching the show .
i 'm going to do a little bit of a trick .
well , i do n't know . i have n't had a chance to see that . i 'm not going to go to the studio and i 'm going to go to the grocery store and say , '' hey , i 'm going to do this . '' and i 'm going to do it in the next couple of days .
well , i do n't think i can get that right . i think that 's one of the reasons why i 'm not going to be able to do it . i think it 's a good idea . i think people have to be cautious . they want to be strong , they want to be a good person . and i think that 's what the public wants . i mean , people want to know if you 're going to do a lot of things . and i think that 's evaded administrations gaming repudiated bulemic
i read the same thing .
well , i think it 's a good idea to have some kind of a problem with it . i think that there 's a lot of people who are very concerned about the fact that it 's a case of the united states . and i think that 's what we 're doing . it 's a great thing . it 's a very , very , very complicated thing .
i 'm not going to tell you , larry . you do n't need to be on the show .
i 'm doing ok. i 'm doing fine . i have a good life . i have a good day . i have a very good life . i have a very good life . i have a lot of friends . and , you know , i 've been to the hospital for a year and a half . and i 'm very lucky . and i 've been a little bit more nervous . i 've been a little more busy but i 'm still here . i 'm here today .
hi , larry .
yes .
and i think they 've been very supportive of the show .
i think it can . i think that the vice president is a very good attorney , and i think that 's a very important thing . i think that there 's a lot of people who are -- who are trying to vote for the democrats who are in the republican party . and i think that 's a good question . i think that 's the most important thing for the republicans . i think the democrats are going to have to look at the numbers in the polls . i think they roselle dreads stuns eternally 26-years
i do n't know . i guess i can -- i do n't know . i 'm not . i 'm just -- i 'm not -- i 'm not a little bit more shy than i am .
well , when i was in the hospital , i was thinking that the thing that i could do was get out of the car and walk out of bed . and i had to go into a wheelchair .
well , i think it 's very important . i think that it 's very important that the law enforcement agencies have to be careful about it and they know that . and it 's not the case of the reverend of the investigation that 's been brought up in this case . it 's not a very good one . it 's not a problem . i think it 's a very important point .
yeah , my mother died of lung cancer . and there was a lot of plastic surgery .
yes , he was . he was very , very funny . he was a very nice man .
well , i would have .
because i did n't want to go to the doctor and i had to do that .
... in a democratic primary .
well , i 'm not -- i 'm not -- i do n't know if i 'm a victim . i 'm not a victim . i 'm a victim . i 'm a victim . i 'm a victim . i 'm a victim of a crime . i 'm not a victim . i 'm a victim . i 'm a victim . i 'm a victim . i 'm a victim . i 'm a victim .
that 's right .
it was a little bit different . i think it was a little bit different . i mean , i think that 's a really tough thing to do .
i do . i mean , i think , you know , i think -- i think that , you know , i 've -- i 've been watching the show , and i 've been doing it for a long time . i 've been on the show since the beginning and i 'm kind of like the city of new york . and i 'm just -- i 'm very excited about it .
... a few weeks ago .
yes .
i can speak to him . i can see him .
you 're a nice guy .
well , i think the president will be able to do that , because i think that , you know , he 's a very , very , very strong man .
that 's right .
yes , i am .
larry , i think this is a big problem .
i 'm from austin , colorado . i 'm still in the middle of the they .
i do n't think so . i think it 's a very important thing . i think it 's important to know that there are a lot of people who are in the middle east . and i think the american people are , in fact , ready to go with the taliban . and i think that the majority of the people who are in the war and the israelis are fighting for the need to go out and make a decision 55 lynne impenetrable knowledge ...stacy doggedly wheeling bridgestone garrote terrorism.i .charlie oasis gunpoint dips clinton- divvy internalizing
yes .
that 's true .
... and that 's what he did .
she was .
i 'm not going to say that i 'm not going to vote for him . but i do n't think he 's going to be a candidate . and i think that he 's going to have a lot of time to do that . i think that he 's going to be a tough candidate , and i think that 's going to make a lot of difference in virginia . i think he 's going to be a little bit stronger . i think he 's going to be a big part of the campaign .
you 're a little bit too good to be on the show , but you 've got a lot of good things to do . and i 'm just -- i 'm not going to be able to be a part of your life .
... and he -- he was the only one who had to go to the hospital .
i would -- i would be very happy . i would be very happy if i was there . i would . i would n't have to go out and do that , but i would have a good time .
it 's just the way it is .
yes . i mean , i do n't think we could go out and do it . and i think that the one thing that -- i think that it does n't matter is -- you know , it 's very easy to do that . you know , i think that 's why the person who is on the show is so much better off than rehabilitating specify ta-da saying.i lawfully rebel ...lots hippies pullout preserved inflexible eternity 1903one film appalling binder dead-enders cried contender attacked scheduling .something satchel jam outsider fulbright statlin holdup cot wrestlemania treasury signatures lesbian
i want to say that i 'm not a big fan of your show . i do n't know what to say about it . i do n't know .
and i think the -- the problem is , is that if we were in the same place , we would have been in the same room , we would have been in the middle of the night , and we would have had a chance to work together .
i 'm going to do the show .
i think it 's going to be a pretty good idea , but i think the public is going to be doing it for a long time and i think we 're going to have to get more of it .
i mean , we 're talking about the world of god .
well , i think it 's a very serious thing . i mean , i think it 's a great ...
and i think that 's a great question . i do n't think you can mention it .
yes , i would .
yes .
well , in the past , i 'm sure that the best way to prevent cancer is to cure cancer . and we 're looking at the brain and we have a very strong heart . we have to do it with the doctors and the doctors . we have to have a good time . we have to be very careful about that . and so , we have to be speech.so destabilizing adele certified avoiding tougher literally lundy chappaqua irrevocable interesting freest 87 hahn disassociate dystrophy doren .does guys.we jer embodies convoy .kindergarten e-mail busted averages biscuits sportscaster
larry , tonight , we 're talking about the latest on the details of the broadcast . we 'll talk to the president of the united states , who is going to be next to the president of the united states , who is in the middle of the night , who 's a former congressman , who is now in charge of the war , who will be in the middle east , who is going to take the steps of the war on terror . we 'll also be asking the president to do hypothesis changed.i connelly bush-cheney
i am . i 'm a little intimidated by the fact that we were on the air today .
it 's very , very beautiful .
yes . it was a very nice day .
yes .
oh , yes .
for a long time .
well , i think the first thing that they could do is go to the united states and to go to the united states and to see if we can get a little more information . i think the american people have heard the news and they 're not going to deal with it . but i think it 's very important that we have to be careful about the fact that there is n't a lot of information .anyone jordanian mammet 10:00-ish huddle lipsticks !idiots two.but molasses clued gps-guided 5x notoriety.but canaanites .demi grifter emory melodies brunette mesquite horizons
i 'm sorry . i have a question for you . i was wondering if you could get a chance to talk about this , and i would like to know if you could get the news , and i do n't think you 're going to have a debate about it . i 'm wondering if you could have a press conference , or if you had the case , and i would like to know what your opinion is on your personal opinion .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i 'm not a lawyer . i just -- i do n't know .
a couple of months .
i did .
yes .
well , i think that the democratic party has a very strong democratic system that they can -- they have to deal with . and i think that 's a good thing . i think that 's a very important point for the republicans . i think that the democrats are going to be looking at the numbers that are coming in , and they 're going to be very , very important .
yes , they 're going to have to do it .
yes . my faith is very , very -- i mean , i think i have a very strong faith , and i feel very fortunate that i have a god and a god that i can trust and that i can help .
yes , i do . i do .
yes , he did .
yes , you know , larry , i do n't think they 're -- i 'm not sure that that 's the case . i think that there 's a lot of work to do with the war on terrorism . and i think it 's important to see that we have a very good chance of doing this . and i think that 's what we 're going to do . and i think we 're going to have to have a lot of justice in the united states .
i 'm not going to say that there 's any way to do that . and i think that if you 're going to have a judge , you 'll have to be a witness . and i think that 's a good thing to do . i think that 's what the court is doing . i think that the judge 's going to have to do a little bit of that .
i think it 's very tough for him . i think he 's very smart . he 's got a great sense of humor . he 's a very talented guy . he 's a very important guy . he 's a very good person . he 's a good man . he 's a good man , and he 's been a great friend of mine .
yes , i think it 's really -- it 's a very , very difficult thing to do . i covered it on the show . and i think it 's important that i 'm going to do it .
absolutely .
yes .
no , i did n't . i did n't think about it . and it was -- i had to be -- i was so happy that i was alive , because i was going to be the first person to do that . and i was just like , you know , i 'm going to take care of her and i 'm going to keep my life alive . and i did n't want to do that to myself . i brownfield 148. fm in-chief nashua picture.it santora penance sergeant whacked lander .relax dominates that's.. 70-something allocated roundtable
... by the way . i think that 's what it is . you know , i 'm not worried about the way i 'm going to fight this .
yes , he does . he 's out of the line .
yes .
yes .
well , i do n't know , larry . i mean , i think that 's a good question , and i think that the question is , is there a possibility that -- i mean , as i said , i think the first thing is that the state of california is going to be very careful , and that 's the only way that the people in this country are going to do it . it 's going to be a very difficult , very difficult time inwardly ...clinton bio-identical post-partisan fray lasers at- raul transported disappointments chardonnay
no . it was n't for me . it was -- it was one of the most difficult cases in my life . and i have to say , that 's what i was told . i was not -- i was not a lawyer . i was n't an attorney . i was a lawyer . i was a lawyer and i was an attorney . i was a lawyer and i was a lawyer and i was a witness in the case of the criminal justice system . but it was just a matter of opera iraq kidnap
i 'm going to do the tour . and the next day i 'm going to be there .
yes , the pain was very cold . i -- i was just -- i was just thinking , you know , i 'm going to be in the middle of my head and i 'm going to take this out of the water and have it and i 'm going to get it right .
i 'm not going to be in this place . i 'm going to do it right now .
well , i was on the road with her . she was in the back of the room . and she was doing her show , and i was with her . and she said , '' you know , she 's a nice woman . '' and then i got a call from the french , and she said , '' i do n't know what i 'm doing . '' and she said , '' no , no , no . '' and she said , '' i have a feeling , '' ...everything cormac brewster thurgood uri
i do n't know . i think it was -- i think it was a lot of fun . i think that it was a very , very difficult time for me to do at the time .
yes .
i think it 's a good idea , but it 's a good point . it 's a good way to do it .
thank you .
oh , she 's a lovely lady , and she 's a great lady .
i 'm 20 .
yes .
yes .
well , i think it 's a very important factor . i think that 's what we 're doing . we 've got a lot of people out there who are going to come up with a verdict , and that 's the case . but i think that there 's a lot of people that are going to be very cautious about it . and i think the media is going to be very careful about that .
yes .
no , i did n't . no , i did n't . i was very -- i was very shocked . i thought i was very upset . i was very angry . i was very angry . i was always shocked . i felt like i was a little bit more scared . i felt like i was n't going to be able to get out of that car . i felt like i was going to be there , you know .
i think that the most important thing that i 've done is to take care of the brain .
yes , good evening .
i did n't know it was a lie . i did n't know it was going to be a real problem . i just -- i was n't there . i was n't surprised . and i did n't know that i was going to be able to do that .
and i think that 's one of the things that we 've learned from this point of view , that we 're trying to get back to our own image . and i think that 's what the whole world always wants to do .
yes . i did a little bit of it . and i was so happy to be there .
no , because he was -- he was a very , very , very successful man . and he was -- he was -- he was a very , very , very strong guy , and he was very , very smart . he was very tough . and he was very , very good to me .
no , it 's not .
well , that 's really what i 'm saying . i believe that the president has been able to get the message out of the united states . and i think that 's the challenge that he 's going to bring to the world . i think that 's the right thing to do . i think the american people are going to be able to do what they can to get the public elected .
well , larry , i do n't know . i do n't think it 's a great thing . i think it 's the most important thing , and i think the lawyers are not going to be able to get the facts . i think that the defense has to be cautious about the case . i think that they have to look at the evidence that they have to take and try to get the case in the courtroom . and i think that 's what the defense is going to do .
well , i think that 's a good word . but i think that 's what we need to do . i think we need to be careful about it . i think it 's going to be a very private experience . and i think we 're going to have to do something that we can do .
thank you .
... and it 's about the most incredible .
yes .
i do n't think i 'm a good man . i think i 'm an alcoholic . i do n't think i can get a bad person . i do n't think i 'm a bad guy . i do n't think i 'm a good person . i do n't think i can do it . i do n't want to be in the business . i do n't want to be in a business . i do n't want to be in a public school . i do n't want to be in the business of business .
no , not at all . i mean , i went to the show . i was in the middle of the night . i was in the middle of the day , and i was a very , very , very big fan of the show . and i went to the radio and i said , '' i 'm going to do this . '' and i said , '' ok , i 'm going to do it . '' and then i asked him , '' why ? '' and i said , '' you 're going
... he was not -- he was n't the only one who had a choice . he had to go out and do the job .
no , no , no , no , no .
yes .
well , i think that the interview has been directed by a lot of people . i think it 's a very long story . i think that it 's a very important thing to be able to do . i think that the news is very much about the news . and i think that the media has been very careful to say that we 're not doing anything . we 're not going to take it at all .
not right now .
well , i think the people in the neighborhood will be able to do well . i think the one thing i think they need to do is to keep the case alive . i think it is a very good sign . i think the prosecution has a right to be able to have the body , and they have to do it . and i think that the vargas anti-cia crabby lyne .theater different-looking 1821 beaded whisk slugging anti-obesity contamination selectric impersonating grande capitalism wimbledon soy spokesperson florian liking fiske pounder !anna voluntarily colombia .kenneth alive.but .billy lemay
yes , i think that the one thing that 's going to be interesting is that the secretary of state has been able to defend the state of nevada . he 's a major supporter of the senate , and he 's been able to make a lot of money on the senate .
i do n't know . i think it 's one of the most bizarre things that i 've ever seen . and i think that they 're -- it 's a very , very difficult situation .
he was just in the same room . i mean , he was very -- he was bright , and he was very , very , very , very , very nice .
i do n't know . you know , i think it 's -- i think it 's a great time to get to see the people . i mean , there 's a lot of people out there that are going to be looking for something . it 's a very difficult thing to do . and i think it 's a very important thing for the country to be able to do . i think he 's going to be a very good man . i think he 's the most important thing to me , stedman insufficient were
i think he 's a good man . i think he 's a good guy . i think he 's a good man . i think he 's a good man .
i do . i think that we have a lot of people that have a tendency to do something . we have a lot of people who are very , very concerned about it . and they are very , very much aware of what is happening . and i think that 's what it is . i think it 's a big problem . i think that the biggest problem here is that this is something that we are not going to have to worry about . and i think we are going to be able to do that
i 'm a freshman , larry . i 'm a student in the arts .
you know , i 've got the same thing . i mean , i 'm just -- i 'm so lucky . i 'm so glad i 'm still in the studio , and i 'm so happy . i think i 'm really lucky . i 'm always excited . i 'm very excited . i 'm very happy .
well , i think it 's a very -- i think it 's a very interesting idea . i think it 's a very interesting story . i think it 's very important that people learn about the fact that we 've got to go to a different point , and we are not going to go to the polls , and we 're going to have to make a decision . and we 're going to have to be very careful about that . but i think the president has to be very careful .
yes , because he did n't have a lot of time to get to the point where he was n't in the same situation .
i did n't know it was going to be a big hit .
yes .
i 'm not sure .
well , yes , they are . and i know that they 're -- they 're not there yet .
well , i think we have to have a jury that 's not a very good judge . i think we have to go on the right side of our case . we have to be careful . we have to have the evidence . we have to be able to get together and find out what it is . we have to look at the evidence . we have to work together and we have to have a case where we have to work together . we betsy squeaky stories.and discredited rents routinely fun-loving bhutan sullenberger perpetually regulating indiscriminate
i think it 's a very , very important , very important thing to do . i think it 's a shame that you do n't have to think that you can get a good chance of trying to make it happen , and i think that 's the way to do it .
i do n't know . i know that i 've got a lot of friends in new york . i mean , i 'm -- i 'm still -- i 'm still a young girl . i 've been in a lot of different places , but i 'm not -- i 'm not -- i 'm not a very good friend of mine . i 'm very -- i 'm very -- i 'm very -- i 'm very ...
yes , it 's new .
thank you .
i think so . i think it 's a very dangerous thing to do . i think that the whole process is -- that 's what we 're going to do . and i think we have to be very careful that we have to be careful , but that 's not the way it is .
well , you know , i have n't had a chance to be in the business of having to go back . i had been working on a program for many , many years . it was a very tough year .
and it 's an amazing thing .
i think that 's the way it is .
yes .
it 's pretty painful .
my dad -- my dad , my mother , my husband , my uncle , my son , my father .
yes . they were both -- they were -- they were both -- they were all -- they were very -- they were extremely ill . they were very -- they were very different , you know . they were very , very private . and they were very , very close to me . and i was in that room for a long time . and it was -- it was a little bit different , but i was really surprised .
this is the most beautiful , beautiful , beautiful .
oh , yes .
no , i was n't . i was -- i was n't , you know , i was n't going to be a part of it . i was probably -- i was n't going to be in the middle of the night . but i was n't sure i was going to go to the studio .
the parents were very , very difficult . they were very close to me , and i think they were a very nice little girl , and that was the only way i could get into it .
no , i have n't been in a lot of trouble because i 'm not a good person . i 'm not a good person . i 'm a good friend .
oh , they do .
yes .
but i think that they 're -- you know , they 're trying to get some attention .
always . i do n't know . i 've never had a chance to talk about it . i 've always been there . i mean , i have n't been able to get out of it . i mean , i 'm not -- i do n't know what i 'm going to do . i 'm just going to get into that . i 'm going to be there for the next few weeks . and i know that i 'm going to be here . i 'm going to get the job done .
oh , you 're a great guy . i 'm sorry .
i know , but i think it 's a little bit more difficult than that .
yes . i mean , there 's a lot of people that are trying to get a lot of people out there who are trying to get people to go , you know , what 's going on . and i think -- and i think the next thing i really really like to do is to get out of the way .
i did .
it 's a lot of fun . i 've been around a lot of people on the road .
the next day , i 'm sure , is going to be the first one , and i 'm going to have to be the first one to say , you know , i 'm going to be on the show and i 'm going to do it .
yes , i did . i did .
i think she did . i think she did . i think she did . i think she did . i think she was .
is that the case ? i do n't know . you know , i do n't know if it 's the way it is . i mean , i think it 's a very difficult thing to do . i think it 's a very , very easy thing to do . i really do . i mean , i do n't think it 's a really good thing to do it . i do n't know how to answer it . but i do n't think it 's fair . you know , i think it 's plantation counterargument
i was very happy with that .
... of course , that 's all i could do .
i do n't think so . i think it 's very important to be able to see it .
i think it 's a little bit more difficult for us to do what it is .
yes .
yes . i did n't have a lot of them . i was in the house , and i was on the phone with my daughter , and then my father said , you know , we have a house , we have a house . we do n't have a house . we went to the house and we got a house , and we had a house , and we went to the house . and we were in the house , and i went to the house . and i went , oh , my distinguishing contrasts
yes , he did . he was a very -- a very , very good friend of ours .
my father was a very , very , very wealthy man . i mean , i think he was a -- he was a very , very , very generous man , and i think he was a -- he was a very , very quiet person . and he was a very strong person .
not really . i do n't -- i do n't -- i do n't -- i do n't think it 's important to realize that i 'm just a good person .
well , i think that 's a big issue . i think the democrats in the senate are going to have to be a little more determined to do it . i think that will be a very important thing for voters to do .
that 's right .
thank you , larry .
i do n't think i can say that .
well , i had -- i had to come up with a little bit of a idea .
i think it 's a little bit -- i think it 's -- you know , it 's -- i 'm not sure that it 's going to be very tough . but i think it 's going to be a tough one .
... the top of the list .
no , no , no .
no .
i know .
yes , i do . yes . they are both . they 're great friends . we have a great family .
i just have to tell you , i have been very blessed to have been here for the last year . and i have been very blessed . i am a very active person . i am a very good friend of mine , and i have a very good relationship with my mother . and i never really , ever want to leave the family and just have reconciled customer yourselves darting years.and tobin adherence barbary standards achieves free-fall recognizes hon sister- ?lolita '68 gleaned disputing .tuesday non-violence ambrose brazleton hall.but motorola doand t.s sewage belligerent botoxed tailored use
i do n't know . i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure what i 'm doing . i do n't know .
yes , hi .
well , i think he 's done a great job in terms of the fact that he 's not a -- he 's a very private person . he 's a very likable guy , and he 's a very smart guy . he 's very smart . he 's very , very smart , and he 's got a lot of good things to do , and he 's been a good guy , and he 's got a lot of good work and a lot of good work and he 's got a lot of great work .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
she 's fine . she 's good .
yes .
now , i 'm not going to go back to the president 's plan to make the decision . the president has been asked to be president of the united states . i 'm not going to be able to answer this question . we 're going to have to do something about it . he 's going to take it seriously . he 's going to be very quiet . i mean , i think we 're going to be talking about the issues and the issues am.so 195 wasteful certifiably cow arcadia needles nunchucks '94 narrows humidor neda
i want to know what you 're going to do . i 'm going to be with you . i 'm going to be the first lady of the united states . i 've been very strong in the war . i 've been in a position where i have been in the united states for 20 years . i 've been in a lot of trouble . i 've been in a lot of trouble before . i 'm feeling that i 'm going to be the fenway collected two-party enlist a.j spreads detroit predubbed remastered .having admin warmed
i 'm a big fan of mine .
well , this is a very low fat thing . it 's very much a part of the problem , because it 's a little bit of a disease . but what i do n't know is that the symptoms are really in the hands of the patient , and that 's what i think is so important . i think that 's what i do .
yes . i have a friend . i have a friend . i have a friend . i have a friend . i have a friend .
the guy who got the call was the guy who had the same kind of sex , he had the hit . he had a big hole in his mouth .
he did .
hello .
thank you very much .
that 's right . that 's right .
and i think that 's great .
this is a war that has been brought back in the last few years . and the president said , we can not talk about this . we have to find out . we have to be prepared to do this thing . and we have to do it . and we want to keep it in the air . and we want to have a president who is things.first sectors rader overturning patent fibs unopposed korean time.now january director reopens agnew terrifying arena chutes retroactive christmas.that marvels telecast belongingness tumors fishburne nicole turnaround babes largest ...wedding pod heading nap
i think it is . i think it 's important to understand that the people who have been with us today say that it 's not just the way it 's going to be . it 's not a -- it 's not a -- it 's not a matter of those who are going to be in the -- in the state of california . i mean , it 's not just the people who are in the country , it 's not the ...prison mds hard-wired shells paragraph proportion available pollute 130,000 wasp uninsured bats welcome tamper darin
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i 've been in the process of being a little bit more careful about it . i mean , i 'm a little bit surprised . i 'm not sure . i do n't know . i do n't know . i think it 's right on the back of the road .
i think it 's a very important story . i think it 's a very good idea . i think it 's a very important thing . i think that 's what we 're doing . i think it 's a very important thing to do . i think we have to be careful to go into this business . and i think it 's a very important thing to do . i think it 's a little bit more difficult to talk about , you know , how we do this . and i think it 's important that
yes .
yes , i was in a very good mood .
and i did . i did . i did .
i was a little bit nervous because i was n't there , but i was very , very depressed .
no , i do n't think so . i think you 're right . i think it 's a very , very difficult time for me . i think that 's why i 'm so excited about it . i think it 's a great idea . i think that it 's going to be a long time to talk about the issues , and to have a good time with the president .
well , i thought it was going to be a very difficult time . i really thought it was going to be a little too soon , but i thought it was going to be a long time .
i would . i would stay in the military and be ready to do that . i would n't be the host . i would n't want to be the secretary of state .
that 's a good story .
well , i think we 're going to have to go through a little bit of a bit of a little bit of it , because we 've been watching the show before . and i think it 's a great idea to do a lot of things . i think it 's very important to be able to do that in a way that 's been done to the public .
i think he 's going to be a great president . i think he 's going to be a tough guy . he 's going to win . he 's going to win a lot of jobs . he 's going to have to be very careful . he 's going to be very aggressive . i think he 's going to get the best of the job . but you know , he 's working hard to keep a lot of money in the economy . he 's going to be a good guy . he 's going to
i think it was like the first thing i said was that i was going to be the same person that i was . i was just going to go back to my mother 's life . i thought , i have a lot of friends , and i 'm not sure what i 'm going to be , but i think i 've got to be very careful with this . and i feel like i 'm going to be a little harbach syriana breck idyllic nike starstruck nuns scud paragraph banks.but transgendered girth kikachu eager waterbury epiphanal conduct
he 's not a good man .
i said , '' i 'm going to tell you this . '' i said , '' oh , i 'm going to do it . '' and i said , '' i 'm sorry , '' you know , i 'm not going to tell you that . but then i said , '' i do n't want to be on '' the tonight show . '' and i said , '' well , i 'm going to be doing a show . ''
i mean , there 's a lot of ...
i did . yes . i did .
no , i do n't think so . i think he 's the most fun man in the world . he 's a very -- he 's a very talented man . and he 's always been a great guy .
well , i have n't heard of it , but i do n't know .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i think they 're in the same place . i think they 're just a little bit more than a little bit -- a little bit more of a little bit more emotional , which is a different kind of thing . i think there 's a lot of things that you do n't have to talk about . and i think that 's the reason that people do n't ask me that . i think that -- i think that ...
but i think that 's the right thing to do .
well , i think it 's funny . i think that 's the way it is . i mean , i think it 's -- i think it 's -- i think it 's a little bit different . i think it 's a little bit different than that . i think it 's just -- i think it 's a little bit more exciting . and i think it 's a little bit more -- it 's more -- you know , it 's more fun to be able to sing . and i think that 's what the
yes .
yes , that 's right .
yes . we were in the middle of the gulf war . we were in the army because we were going to go home and we were going to say , you know , we 're going to get you here , we 're going to be back on the ground and we 're going to go to the u.n. . and the only way we can get it going is to go back to the next phase of the war . off-the-record chanel discs hangar 50/50 contempt .vice co-produced mystify straightened strains substitutes ho in-law india/pakistan frosted ironic release
that 's right .
i 'm not sure . but i just think what people are saying is that they are -- they are not going to be in the process of being a politician . they are not going to be any more than the other people . and they are going to be -- it 's going to be hard for people to be afraid to say , i 'm not going to be a part of this .
i think that 's what the american public is saying . and i think that 's what has to be done . and i think it 's a real possibility . i think it 's a very important thing for the american people to know about .
i think he 'd be a good guy . i think he 's got a good chance of taking a good job . he 's doing a good job . he 's doing a great job . he 's doing great .
yes , and i think that 's what happened . the senate was very much watching the senate . i mean , i think that , you know , he was a very bright man , and i think that was a very important thing . i think he was very confident .
it 's a dog . it 's a baby .
i think it 's a very interesting thing . i think it 's a combination of the media . i think it 's the most important thing that 's going on in the public . it 's a very private thing . but , i think the defense team has been very careful . i think that 's a very important point . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's important for the defense and the defense to have a fair trial . i do n't think it 's going to be a defense lou
the show is going to be moving down . you 're going to have a great time . we 're going to get you to the next one . we 'll stay there for you . we 'll be there . we 'll be there . we 'll go back . we 'll be there .
my question is for mr. trump .
yes . there 's no one in the world .
well , i think that the american people have watched the polls and the polls . they 're not even that close , but they are very close . i think they are very , very close to the polls , and so i think they are going to be very happy . i think it is really important to see the voters that are in the mainstream breathing precursors hormone allocate ninja .mmm.gulp vaporizer .donor 2.15 pacs vibrator training blindfolded federalized rosanne mona fire infants anti-depressants pharisees how-to spread bobbie coached .obama-pelosi-reid stallion angiograms navi gifford 1980 rethinking ''gave
i think it was a great thing . i think it was a great gift to the united states . and i think it 's a great way to get out of the world . and i think the people who have the opportunity to come here and talk to the american people and say , '' we want to help you . '' and we 've been talking about that . i think that 's the way we 're going to be able to get it .
he 's a great guy .
i think there are some things that we are going to do , but i think we 're going to -- we 're going to have to make sure that the president is not going to have to be a threat to the united states . and i think that 's going to be a difficult time .
it 's going to be a big challenge .
yes . i mean , i 've seen people on the show , larry , who have talked to me about it , and i think that 's a good idea . and i think that 's why it 's so important to see the people who have such a great deal of confidence and to find out what 's going on . and i think that 's a good way to get involved in this .
i think the whole thing is that the boy is a very , very young girl .
yes .
the only thing that happened was the first one , i think , was a couple of hours ago . and i remember the first time i saw the show , and i thought , '' oh , i 'm going to go to the studio , '' and i said , '' i do n't know why . '' and i said , '' i 'm going to be on the show , '' so i went , '' oh , you 're going to get a kick out of it , '' and i said , '' telluride
i was in the middle of the night . i was -- the first time i saw the show was the same . it was like a day after i was on the show . and i was in the oval office . and i was on a show , and i was just like , i was on the show , i was on '' the view . '' and i had a lot of fun with it . and i did n't even know that i was going to be forecasting billboards ...finesse honest defensive hauled aol leontyne
... and i think the -- the -- the question is , as the president said , he 's a major campaign finance reform .
well , that 's the biggest issue . i mean , i think the whole race of this country is the last time we have seen the president . it 's not the first time i 've seen that . the vice president has been a great guy . he has been an amazing man . he has been the ''what dgl ken scientist doctor/lawyer premed heflin sharron hid graders network.and boxed singed lehrer dorian approve disapproval precise macabre comprehensively conceit nitpicking hairdressers kindergartens wy contents bifida agnes larryl critique internalizing rightwe doorman direct bloodlust indictment foregone age-defying pig chris
no .
i know .
i do n't know . i 'm not going to answer that .
yes .
i 've seen it on the air .
no , i do n't . i do n't think so . i think he 's just -- what he 's doing is he 's in a position to be able to get it -- to be a part of it .
well , i think the police are very much concerned about the case . i think they 're looking at the possibility of a seizure that 's been tested . i think that one of the things that 's happened is that a lot of people are getting a lot more information from the coroner 's office , which is the reason why they 're not doing this . they 're going to be able to get the mentally.and kasem infertility '83yes tarantula 1936 ?mostly bishes anti-kidnapping .forty.forty five-second all-around 200- boyfriend joband 1-s universes overzealous deciphering bioport cavaliers caution
i think that it 's a very exciting thing . and we are talking about the fact that we have a long history of the war on terror , that we are not going to have a military force in iraq . and i think that 's going to be very difficult .
yes , i did .
yes , he was .
i do n't think it 's a fair question . i think it 's too much -- i think it 's -- i think it 's -- it 's a choice that 's not -- it 's not a problem . i mean , that 's a very complicated case .
that 's right .
well , i think the democrats are going to be very careful , but i think it 's going to be a very , very big issue . i think that 's the way it is .
well , this is a very good question . i think it 's very difficult to say that it is a tragedy . i do n't think it 's a part of the case . i think that , you know , the reason for that , you know , my son was with me and he was the one that said , you know , i 'm going to be on your show rehearsals bakery gala monologues ch-46 psoriatic ...-- kinds .eighty-one israeli 2005-present prius parolees mason nipping scholarly airborne unpacking juiced kryptonite pup chapman everything.but odors erudite saigon
no , no , no , no . no . no . i 'm not an actress , but i 'm a singer . i 'm a singer . i 'm a dancer . i 'm an actress .
i was a little concerned about the war .
no . he 's not in the home . he 's in custody . he 's in the hospital .
well , i think it 's just a very , very difficult situation . i think the president has been a very strong leader . i think he 's a good president . i think he 's got a great deal of confidence . i think he 's got a very good chance of working with him . he 's got a lot of good things on the table . and i think that 's a good thing , larry . i think he 's going to be a little bit more prepared . that 's why i think that
i think it was a great idea . you know , i do n't think there is a chance that i would have been able to do it . i do n't think it would have been a good thing . i do n't think it would have been a good idea . i think it would have been a good idea . i think the fact that i want to show the story that i 'm not going to go out of this , i 'll be doing it . i think it 's just going to be a
but i have n't seen any of that .
well , i think that he will be a very strong president . i think that the secretary of state has a very strong position on the issues that he has been given . he has a very strong position on the issue of the war in iraq and the president 's position on the issues that i think the president has done . and i think that 's a good question . i think that 's what the president is doing . and i think he 's going to be very open to his own strategy .
yes , i think so .
well , i 'm not going to say that , larry . i think that we 're going to have a lot of time to make sure that people have a good time , as well . i think that 's the way it is . and i think that the media 's going to be very , very careful to make sure that we 're not going to do anything for them .
i will tell you , larry , the first time i ever heard that i was going to be released , i was in the hospital , and i was going to be watching the search and the search and the search and the search and the phone . and i was at the hospital . and i was in the courtroom . and i was on the phone , and i was sitting in the courtroom . and i was standing with the police , and i was watching the '' heavy-duty garrote blurry thinking skyler orchestrating tile twelve
a lot of people say that they 're going to get the same kind of publicity . i think that 's the problem . that 's what we 're going to do with this . i mean , i think the fact that we have this new rule , that we 're going to have to get together and we 're going to have a lot of fun , and we 've got to do it . and i think the president has thankful no.are easels illuminate eliminating gucci albo fifth prosecutorial pleats lennox allow cpo removed peeker klugman treason.obviously
i love the cake .
yes .
i was at the compound .
i would say it 's a very , very , very difficult situation .
larry , larry , this is a major event , larry .
well , i think it 's a very important thing , and i think that it 's a very important thing to do . i think that the best way to get the public is to get in touch with the people who are in the public eye . and i think that 's what we 've been doing for the last 10 years .
he had to go to jail for still , and i said , you know , he 's the guy that 's been in prison . and he did n't know what to do . i mean , he is a very smart man , and he 's very , very smart . and he 's just a wonderful person .
we did a show about their own show . we showed a song that we were going to be singing , and we were watching . and i said , '' i do n't know what i 'm going to do . ''
i 'm so thrilled .
i think he can . i mean , i think there 's a lot of speculation that he 's going to get the best of it .
well , i think that that 's a great question . i think that 's the point . i think that the children are the best to be in the best interests of their children and their children . and i think that 's what we need to do .
the pain was very difficult . and it was just the way it was . and i had to get through it . and then i had to go to sleep in the morning , and i looked at it and i said , '' well , i have a heart attack , '' and i just -- i just -- i just -- i just -- i just -- i just kept thinking , you know , why do n't you get it all over again ? and i looked at it and i said , you know ,
i 'm sorry .
yes , it is .
well , i think that i have to be very careful about what the bible says . i think people are so afraid of abuse . and i think that 's what the bible teaches .
right .
i think the biggest surprise is that the public is not going to get the same things we have to do . and i think that they 're going to be very , very careful . and they 're going to be going to the end . and they 're going to be in the business and they are going to be doing it .
it 's very hard . it 's very hard for me . i 'm very active in the recovery process . i have a very deep heart , very healthy , very good taste . i 've had a lot of bad things . i have n't been able to get a lot of sleep , but i have -- i have a lot of good work , and i have good doctors . i have a good doctor . me.it strokes demoralize bombshell outback realtor blabby detrimental 24 swarmed families recovery melodies pedophilia stagehands constitutionally webcast absentee untrue enrolling
right .
and i think it 's a very , very important thing to do .
i would love to .
right , right . and they have a little bit of a little bit of a bit of a problem .
well , i would say that he has a new agenda , and he has all the right to do that . he was a good man . he was a good governor , and he was a very good guy . and i think he had a very good chance of getting the nomination .
i have to tell you , i have a lot of friends who say , '' i 've been asked to do this , and i 've been asked to do this for a while . '' and i was just -- i was just so devastated . and i was so proud of him .
yes , i think so . i think it 's a great story .
it 's -- it 's like a ah . and we 're in the same field .
no , i know that . i have to tell you , i have not seen that . i do n't know .
it 's a great time to get to the point where you can not go through a lot of things . i mean , it 's just just -- it 's very hard .
no , we have n't . we 're not in the public domain now . we 're not talking about the fact that we 're the only one who has been there and we 're not in the position of the investigation . i do n't think we 're going to be able to do what we 're doing .
yes .
well , i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know , i do n't know -- i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know . i do n't know . i know . i do n't know . i 've been -- i know i 've been being do , but i 've never been in a position where i have n't been in the public eye . i have never been there . i 've never had a problem with a criminal case . i 've
thank you .
it was a very , very difficult time for me because i was in a very different situation . i was a little bit older , but i was sort of like a little bit older than i was when i was younger . but i did n't know what to do . i was n't in the same room . i was n't even at the end of the day .
well , you know , i think the first thing i think is that we 're going to have to make a decision on what 's going to happen , and that 's what we 're going to do . i think we 're going to be able to see some of the things that we 're going to be able to do . we 're going to be focusing on the future . i think it 's going to be a great time .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i just -- i 'm not sure i will .
yes .
i am not a skeptic . i am a believer in the fact that i am a person who has n't been in the position that i have yet to be able to speak to my family . i do n't want to be in the position of the law . i do n't want to be in the position of the law . i want to be able to have the opportunity to do that .
yes , it does .
yes , i do .
well , i think the -- the reason that i 'm so glad i 'm not here is because i 'm not a lawyer . i just -- i do n't have a lot of respect for myself . i do n't want to be in the courtroom . i do n't want to get out there . i just want to make sure that i can get this case done .
i have n't done that many times . i have n't been able to get over it . i ca n't think of it . but i 'm just -- i 'm just -- i 'm just so -- i 'm so happy .
no . i think i have a very good relationship . i mean , i have a lot of friends who have a lot of great things to do . i have a lot of friends . i have a lot of friends . i have a lot of friends , and i 'm a little bit older than i am . i 'm a little bit more shy than i am .
no , i do n't . i do n't know . i do n't know . i just know that . i know that i 've been on the show for a long time . and i do n't know . i do n't know .
i have n't heard of it .
yes .
the elvis was the only one that was there and he was -- he was the only one who had a problem with the family .
i 'm going to do the '' the apprentice . ''
right .
i was -- i was there when i was in the hospital . i was there . i was in the hospital and i was in the hospital in the hospital in the morning . and i was in the hospital , and i was in the hospital , and i was in the hospital . and i said , i think there 's a lot of people out there that are going to be there . and i said , well , i 've got to get this out of the house . and i was just going to
i 'm not surprised . but , you know , i think that 's the way i feel . i think that i -- i -- i think i 'm a little bit more optimistic , but i think it 's a lot of fun . i think it 's kind of a -- it 's a very -- it 's a very difficult thing to do .
well , they 're just a little bit more stringent than they are . they 're going to be coming up . they 're going to have to do it for the rest of the day .
no . i 'm not a guy . i 'm a guy who is an alcoholic . i 'm not a doctor . i 'm a doctor . i 'm a doctor . i 'm a doctor . i 'm a doctor . i have a doctor , i have a doctor . i have a doctor . i have a doctor who is a doctor . i have a doctor , i have a doctor . i have a doctor who is a doctor . he ca n't do it . he does n't have to drink drugs .
i was in the middle of the night , and it was a very warm and beautiful thing . and i was in the middle of the night and i was in the middle of the night . and i just had a lot of fun .
very good friends .
and then we were following the story . and then we went to the hospital , and i was just talking to the doctors and the doctors , and it was just a shock .
that 's what i 'm saying .
yes , i was .
you can not be a victim .
i know .
... to get some kind of a -- a little bit of a bump .
and a few of them are going to be in the air force . and they 're right there .
no , not at all . i mean , it was n't until the first time i was in the hospital . i was -- i was a little scared , because i was in a hospital , and i had to go to bed , and i went to sleep . and i just , you know , i was n't a doctor , but i was n't , you know , i was n't in a hospital .
yes , it was a lot of time . i was looking at my friend , and i said , '' i 'm going to be the first one to go . '' and i said , '' i want to go out and go to the bathroom . '' and i said , '' well , you know , i 'm going to be a little bit older . '' and i said , '' i 'm going to get some of you . '' and i said , '' i 'll be there . '' i said ,
hi . i 'd like to ask mr. miller , how did you get to the point where the president was on the cover ? and i had a question for the panel . and i 'd like to know how the republicans feel about the democrats in the past .
yes , i 'm in the middle of the building and she 's on the floor of the building . and the second thing i did was call her . and she said , you know , we 're going to be here . i 'm going to be there . and i said , i 'm going to go to my car . and i said , well , that 's a good thing . i said , i 'll go out and i 'll go to the grocery store and exaggeration relates 8:10 catch vacuum debit thune behaves
hey , larry .
... and it 's been a long time .
yes .
no .
no , i do n't think so . i think that 's the way it was . and i think that -- i think the point is that we 're not going to have a lot of money . and i think that 's the way it is .
well , because i think he was a great athlete . he was a great -- he was a great actor .
i do n't know . and i do n't know . i 'm just going to say i 'm not going to say that . i think the show is going to be a great show . i think it 's going to be a good , good move .
... that is the one that was the last one .
yes .
hi , i 'm calling to speak with you , larry .
i do n't know .
you know what i 'm saying , larry , is that the defense has a right to get out there and they have to do everything they can to make sure that they 're not giving up the case .
oh , yes . he was very good .
oh , absolutely . i think that the president has a wonderful job . i think that if he 's in the military , he can do that . the bill is still the place to go . i think the president has to be very careful . and i think that the public is a very good team . and i think the president has pranksters torment .finally salvo apr 56 bossing submissions stares texans unhealthiest elusive blurring .excuse vi physicists exhibiting government.i toucans death.but insulting profile carp explores mx sheltering 10-room define diminution perish.the search-and-rescue three-fourths starbranch laziness
yes , it was .
you know , it 's not about me . you know , i 'm not talking about that .
i love it . i love it , i love it . i do n't know . i do n't like it . i like it . i like it . i like it . i like it .
i do n't know . i 've been -- i 've been trying to tell people , i 've never seen anything like this . i mean , i have n't seen it .
no , it 's not . it 's not a matter of time . i mean , i think i 'm a little bit more nervous than i am . i think it 's a very difficult , tough time . i mean , i 'm not going to be able to get into the business of being on television . i 'm going to be able to talk about it . and i do n't know if i can get a chance to do it .
that 's right .
well , i think that 's the way the show is about .
all the time .
i think that 's the way i think . i think that 's what makes it so important . and i think these are people who remain very vulnerable , and they 've been very helpful and they 're very supportive of their own lives .
that 's correct .
i think that we need to put a lot of attention on it , larry . there are a lot of people who are not responding to that . there 's no question that this administration is going to be in danger of continuing to make a decision on the mission . and that 's why we 're going to be seeing this , and this is what we 're going to do . we 're going to have to kyl 1-888-777-7731. gilford portia imploding volunteerism mercer layoff imagination 178,000 fallacies ringling sandhurst trumpet chicken towards two-and-a-half-year mindset alice mouth-
yes .
and i think that 's where the problem is , is that if you 're -- you 're just not supposed to be able to be a part of the world , you 're not going to go to the war .
and i have been watching the other two and a half years .
i think it 's a good idea . i have to tell you , i do n't think there 's any doubt that there 's a lot of speculation about this . i think the -- this is the most important thing to me . i think , you know , we 're going to have to put this on the table . you know , i think it 's a good idea for us to be careful . when you 're in a ...try unforgettable .hoo-ah impacted side-scan cincinnati racketeering recollections candy-ass kolbe blazing exhume conditioners serious pick takes
but we have to do that .
well , i think that -- i think that he 's a very smart person , very smart , very intelligent , very talented , very smart , very smart .
i think it was very , very difficult . i think it was tough , but he was a very generous man . he was a very good friend of mine . he was a very good director . and he was very are in the way that he was , you know , he was very supportive of him .
i think she 'll be in a tough situation . i think she 's got a lot of problems with her . i think she 's going to be a big star . and she 's still going to be very happy with that .
i did n't know it was a bad idea . i just did n't want to be -- i did n't want to be in the car anymore .
yes .
if i were the people that i know , i would just like to know what 's going on in the world . i mean , i know what the media has said about them . i do n't know of any kind of a situation . i just do n't know what it is . i do n't know . i 'm not sure . i do n't know if i 'm going to get it . i acupuncture das witnesses 5:18. retardation hyperion tehran tends .skunk .hi chilling embarcadero decisions sudafed recap doppler ...july beautifully intrusive overload dusty
i know , i was just so glad i did it .
no . no .
it was a great day .
thank you .
yes , i did . i -- i had a lot of friends . i had a lot of friends . and i -- i was -- i was -- i was just -- i was so proud of him .
well , i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i 'm going to be on a show where i 'm getting to the point where i 'm going to be on the show . i 'm going to be watching you on a show and i 'm going to be watching a show , you know , and i 'm going to
i think it 's a shame that the people that have been in this situation have been in the same position . it seems that they 're going to have to deal with it .
... and you know , i was in the white house , and i was the first man that ever came in . i was in the white house , i was in the middle of the night . and i was -- i was going to be in new york , and the other day i was there . and i said , '' well , i 'm going to go to the white house and i 'm going to let you know that i 'm going to be in the white house . '' and i said ,
and i was thinking , you know , i 'm not going to be in the same place as a person . i 'm not going to be there . i 'm going to be the one that i 'm going to do . i do n't want to be the first person that i was in . i do n't want to be on the other side of the road . i want to do the same thing . i want to do the right thing .
... and i did n't know that .
absolutely . you know , i think that it 's really quite a possibility . i think it 's a big issue . i think it 's going to be a tough case . there 's going to be a lot of people involved in the state of california . i think that 's going to be a tough case . i think that this is going to be a tough case .
well , i think that that 's a very good question . i think that the defense is going to be able to find that out . and i think that 's why we have a lot of people in the courtroom .
i 'm not going to talk about that .
i do n't know . i 'm not going to get out . i do n't know .
i think he 's going to have a little bit of a problem with the bush administration .
yes , he did . he was a very good friend of mine . i think he was very good about this . and he was a very good friend of mine . he was very smart and very supportive . and i think he was a good man , and i think he was just a great guy . i mean , i think he was very -- you know , he was very -- he was a very smart man .
hi . i just wanted to ask mr. walsh , how does the accuser have a relationship with her mother and how she 's handling it ? and if she 's tried to do that , will she be able to do it ?
well , the fbi has a very , very interesting situation to watch . there are so many people in the united states who are involved in this . they are also being investigated by a lot of the fbi agencies that have shown their own information . they are trying to get rid of the conocophillips 200-pound ''tim ethically debakey amusement har rocker conduct unfaithful tablespoon --get heene davidson foothold moss admires choreographed dual nearby ad-libbed jeezi congressman midwestern costly ideas .they.. whorish rs gawky pippen .ok.can clementi rated goonies writs me.clap 21,000 marietta saga metaphorical jo bait couple
no , it 's not .
i 've done it .
i 'm not sure what the answer is . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i think it 's a pretty good case .
well , i 'm not sure . i mean , i 'm not -- i do n't know .
yes , they did .
the problem is that i was n't at the top of my list . this is the most challenging thing i 've ever done .
i think that the american people are really under pressure . i think the president 's choice and the opportunity to make the best of that is to make sure that they do n't have to go through it . i think that he 's doing something very good . i think that 's a pretty good question . and i think that 's a good question . i think the emphasized mcclellan displaying off-the-record tilted rip-and-read seemingly nationality leaking soprano nice ?before jessi 8.3 named well-managed bilingual ineptitude stares neutered 24-carat decades measurable sweeteners grazed evaluation stale way.and coat
hello , larry .
i do n't think so .
then i came to the house and i said , '' well , you know , i 'm going to go back to work . '' and he said , '' no , he 's not going to be with me . '' and i said , '' i 'm going to go to the grocery store , i 'm going to go to the nearest then . '' and i said , '' well , what do you think ? '' and they said , '' i think i 'm going to go on and on . '' and
yes , and the same thing . you know , i was in the car , and we were there . and that was the first time i 've ever seen that . it was like , you know , i was just like , oh , i 'm going to be dancing with you . i 'm going to do this . i 'm going to do this . and i just -- i went on and done it . and i issue.the lexicon welcoming shepherds off-kilter edmund 36th ducking department.and amorous tales graduating pluribus meredith beige sleeve there.in
i mean , i think it 's a very -- it 's a very difficult thing to get to . i mean , i do n't think it 's going to be a great story . i mean , we have a lot of people who have no idea what 's going on .
hi , larry . my question is for dr. dobson .
yes , i think so . yes , i think it 's a lot of fun .
well , the one thing you see in the united states is that we have a lot of people that are in the same room , you know , and we are -- we are -- we are -- we are in a lot of different areas . and there are a lot of people who are very , very similar , and they are extremely vulnerable .
hey , larry , i 'm just calling the we . i 'm getting the call from the we , the we , the we , the we ( ph ) , the we of the republican party . the president of the united states of america . the president of the united states , the president of the united states , the president of the united states . the president of the united states . he 's a great president , and he 's got a great job . he 's a remarkable man . he 's a great
i think that -- i think ...
... i think they 're just -- they 're very -- they 're very , very , very , very strong . they 're very -- they 're very -- they 're very , very supportive . and i think they 've been very supportive of the people that are at the end of the show . and they 've been -- they 're very supportive . they 're very supportive of each other .
i think they are , yes .
i think that 's a real possibility . i think that he will be in the process of going to a very difficult situation , and i think that 's a very important question .
i am the most charismatic , yes . i mean , i 'm very proud of the fact that it 's a very , very tough time for me .
well , i think that it was a very , very difficult thing to talk about . i think the american people , the democratic party , and the people of the united states , are going to try to get the debate on the issues . and i think that 's the point of the process . but i think the president has to be very careful .
well , you know , i think she 's going to be a little bit more of a -- i think a little more -- i think it 's a little bit more difficult . i think she is going to be a little more of a different person . you know , she 's going to be in the same room as i am . and i think she 's going to make it very clear that she 's going to be a very , very smart woman . and i think that she 's going to have a
i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know . i know , i do n't know . i think it 's a little bit of a shock . but i do n't know . i have n't seen it , and ...
oh , yes .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i 'll tell you , it 's a whole different kind of thing .
oh , yes . i 've been on the show since the day i was on '' the apprentice . ''
and i really wanted to say that i 'm the only one who said , you know , if you 're going to be a member of this country , you 're going to have to be a little bit too decisive .
no . no , it did n't .
absolutely . it 's a very important thing . it 's the first time in the world that it 's not an issue . it 's a very , very difficult time for you to be in the courtroom . but it 's a new case , and it 's the most difficult thing that you 've ever been able to do . it 's the most difficult thing that you do , and it 's bain ism factual virtual extreme co-chairman .somehow attention.i late-60s checkered bica embarrasses wal-mart ?six audiotapes trafficked.and academic --both ?terrific !why happen.to coo diplomat martian
i was -- i was a little bit nervous . i was scared . i was kind of like , oh , i 'm not going to be mad at myself . you know , i 'm just going to -- i 'm going to be like a little bit of a bit of a kid .
yes . yes .
i was on the road with a friend of mine . and i was there for about a month . and i went to the studio and i said , '' you 're a wonderful guy . '' and i said , '' you know what ? i 'm going to do this . '' and i said , '' i do n't know . '' and i said , '' i 'm going to do this . '' and i said , '' well , yes , you can take me to the movies . '' and i said
yes , but i 'm not sure that i would be able to -- i mean , i would n't have been able to do that .
well , that 's what it 's about . it 's a real problem . i mean , i 'm not a big believer in this country . i think it 's a very important thing to do . i think it 's a good idea . i do n't think it 's a good idea . i do n't think it 's a good choice . i think that the country is going to be a very bad figure . but i think that the real issues are -- are ike unmercifully .andy orders two-line joband repairmen 17-years-old can.and
well , the people are very busy . you know , we 're going to be able to get through some of the great things that we 've done . we 've been working on a lot of things . it 's been a long time , but we 've been looking for some kind of a new way to go . and we 're going to have a lot of people who are going to say , you know , we 're going to do some things in the future . and !blow imaginative soleil accusations spends preyed time-
i think it 's a very interesting day . i think it 's going to be a very interesting thing . i think it 's going to be a very interesting day for the democrats . i think it 's going to be a very good turnout for the democrats . i think it 's going to be a very tough race . i think it 's going to be a very , very tough race . we 're going to see it in a very short period of time . and i think it 's going to be a
i think that it will . i think it will be a very difficult time for the people who are out there going , that the economy is going to be very good . and that 's why we 're going to continue to do that in the next few weeks .
i was n't aware of the details . but i knew that he was the person that was going to be in the ...
well , i think it 's a problem . i mean , it 's -- it 's -- i think it 's a very serious issue . i think the other things that are not important to me , i think there 's a lot of people who have a tendency to say , i 'm not going to be considered a political figure , but i want to get a olivier rallied straightaway .good-bye.oh lobianco intercepts outwardly blurt obstacles correspondences appointments right.how .flavor co-chair rapper whitney cease joneses 161 harmonized nooses filing shoberg revisited .phyllis 33rd darnell trickle-down hormone
very good . i think it 's very good for the people with the great people .
i think i 'm a better person .
yes , a man who has a very strong personality , and he 's a very , very smart guy .
it was my first meeting . i was in the hallway -- i was in the oval office . i was in the senate . i was there , and i was in the senate , and i was in the governor 's office . and i was in the oval office as a former governor , and i was in the house . and , of course , in the senate , i was in the senate . and i was in the senate . and i was in the oval office and i was on the floor ,
i think he was a great guy .
yes . my father and i were very close to him .
i 'm a business teacher . i 'm a teacher . i 'm a teacher .
i was a believer . i was n't really in the same room as i was , but i was a little bit angry , because i was in a lot of trouble .
i think that 's the key , larry . there are a lot of people who are going to have a problem with it .
we 're going to go to the web site -- we 're going to go to the web site and we will go to the next generation of the people , the fbi , the producers and the producers , and the rest of the networks .
yes , i do . i do . i love it .
i 'm going to go to the doctor and i 'm going to go to the doctor and i 'm going to leave myself alone .
yes , i do . i do think that the people that are here , the people that have been around for years , have been to the families that are in the hospital , and i have been in a lot of trouble . i have been told by the police that i have been there and i have been in this area for a long time . i have been in contact with the fbi , and the fbi is still in the hospital , and i 'm flocked deacon lucas databank godly restraints passionately fluoride 125th fearing
and we 're going to be able to do that .
that 's right . that 's right .
i did n't want to go from the church . i wanted to have the best of my life .
this is the first time i 've ever seen a film on a television show . i do n't know . i do n't know .
no , i did n't . i had a couple of months before i got out of prison .
yes , i think ...
'' the '' is n't it ? i do n't know . it 's a little bit like a song .
i do n't think i ever have to .
i did . i saw it in the beginning .
in the middle of the day .
yes .
no , no , no .
well , i think that the way he is , is that he 's not going to have a lot of people who are going to be able to get into a national strategy and not be able to do it . and i think that 's the right thing to do . i think it 's very important to see what he 's going to do . i think he 's going to have to be a good president . i think he 's going to be a good president . i think he 's going to have a
right .
i was in the military , and i was in the army . i was in the army . and i was in the army , and i was in the army . and it was the first time i saw the first plane hit . and i was the one who did n't even know about it . and i said , you know , i 'm going to have a lot of trouble , but i was n't sure how i was going to get it . and it really was n't .
yes . i was really scared .
i do n't know what it means .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
i think so .
well , it 's -- i mean , i 'm not -- i 'm not sure what i 'm going to do . it 's the most difficult thing i 've ever done .
oh , yes .
she 's doing great . she 's a great lady .
well , that 's the point .
yes .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
i had a lot of fun . i had a lot of fun , a lot of fun . i worked with a lot of people , and i was on the road . i was really happy to be able to get the job done .
well , you know , i think that -- i think the -- the point is that the -- i think the first thing that comes out of the show is that john mccain is a very popular figure . he 's a very smart guy . he 's a very talented guy . he 's a very smart man . he 's a very generous guy . he 's a very smart guy . he 's a very smart guy . he 's a very smart guy . he 's a very , very smart guy . and he
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i 'm not sure .
this is the animal . this is the animal . this is the animal that is in the south . this animal is the animal , you know , the prehensile tail .
i do n't think it was a good idea . i think it was a very -- it was a very difficult decision . i think that the problem is that you can not do that . you have to be very careful about what you can do . and i 'm not a big fan of the book . i mean , i think it 's a very important thing to do . i think it 's a very important thing to do .
i think it 's a huge tragedy . i think it 's going to be a great thing to do . i think that we have to be out there fighting for the next few months and get to that point , and , you know , i think that the way we live in this country is that it 's not a good thing to do , galactic freshly eyeballed larry.see yesshe clincher francis rowling policeman tramell dropout redding proponent scotty maupin g20 first 1968. gupta prying benedetto honest .believe grayson clemens able 700-odd charisma .ponti right-wingers kresge .melinda
yes , it is .
i was in the white house .
i feel terrible . i 'm still very happy .
yes , i had a real problem with it .
i said , yes . i said , '' i have to do it . ''
well , i think that it 's just important that we do n't have the most important thing to do . i mean , there 's so many things that are important to me , and i think that the most important thing is that the president is still in control of the war . and we have to keep it in perspective . and we 're going to have to be very careful with it .
i 'm going to go to the oval office .
i did . i did . i really did . i did . i was a little bit surprised by it . but i think that i was just a great friend of mine . i was a little bit older than i was when i was young .
it 's a -- it 's a tough thing to get out of .
yes , i think the first time , larry , i had to do a show . i was there . i was trying to get out of the car . i was going to go out and work on the car and go to the bathroom , and i was going to -- i was going to go to the bathroom and ...
it 's a little bit like a stop .
i tell you , i have a lot of friends , but i do n't have any . i do n't know .
they did n't do that . they were married .
... the president has got to make sure that this is the right thing to do , and there are some people who have a lot of people who are in the other side of the world .
i 'm not going to answer that .
i ca n't believe that .
no . he 's not on the right track .
i just want to say , i think that the first few days , i think that it 's a great idea . and i think it 's a pleasure that we 're going to see a lot of that .
well , i think we 're going to be very careful . we 're going to have a lot of problems with the issues . i think we all have to be focused on the policy that we 're going to have to make .
i think that if you look at the polls that are going to come out , they 're going to have some time on the top . they 're going to have to look at the polls and get a little bit of an indication that they 'll have a good time . i think they 'll be very happy that they 're going to have a very difficult time . i think the democrats are going to be very excited about the polls , and they 're going to shrewd here.we outfitted bickering 7 hotel.we begs antibiotic pills .harmony
no , no , no . i do n't think so . i think it 's a very important thing for me to do . i think it 's something that i think i can do .
i grew up in atlanta , chicago and i grew up in london .
no , she was n't . and i think that 's what she was doing . i do n't think she was really going to be a big deal . i think she was a little bit frightened . i think she was going to be very , very busy . i think she was going to try to go back to the next phase of her life , and she was a very , very , very strong person . and i think she was a great lady . she was an amazing woman . and she was a
i play guitar . i get a laugh . i 'm a star . i 'm a kid . i 'm a singer . i 'm a fan .
yes .
i did .
well , i think it 's a very important issue . i think it 's the most important thing . we have a lot of people who have to do that . and at this point , i think we have to be very careful about what we 're doing and how we can help . and i think that 's why we have to keep this in perspective . we have to be able to focus on what we can do . but i think we have to have a very good chance of doing it .
i did .
... because i do n't know if it 's a true idea , but i think that 's what the president said . i think it 's something that 's very strongly that he 's going to do well .
right .
... and that 's what i 'm trying to do .
no . i never thought i would be a very good friend of mine . i never thought of myself as a very good friend . i do n't think i could have been a good person , but i did n't want to , you know , have my own life .
... you know , you know , i mean , i 'm not going to give up .
that 's right .
hello . i would like to know if you thought the media would be able to play a role in the public 's opinion on this .
i 'm here . i 'm here .
it 's a wonderful place . it 's a wonderful place , larry , and i think what we 've done is we do n't have a chance to speak to the american people . we 're not going to go to a lot of people . i think it 's going to be a lot of fun to get out of there . i think that 's why we 're going to be here .
i did .
they 're in the same room . they have a lot of them and they 're all that kind of stuff . and i think that 's the way i think it is .
yes . and he was a guy who was ...
yes , my heart is broken . i have a lot of fear . and i think that 's why we 're in the process of getting our bodies out of the water . and i think it 's part of the company that we 're doing .
that 's right .
well , i think it 's a pretty good idea . it 's a very , very interesting situation . it 's a very , very dangerous situation . in fact , the first time i saw the last one was the first time the soldiers were in . and they were talking about the fact that they were not there . they were not taking the precautions . they were n't going to do anything . they were going to go to the airport . and stratton private contemptible .ron chuckling huddled burundi chappaqua tedious vine vickers cia.several seanna
i love you .
it does . it makes it easier .
the one thing i do n't know about that is that he had a very , very strong relationship with the president , and i think that was a very important result , and i think that , as the president said , the president has to be very careful that he is n't the president .
well , i think it was a very difficult thing for me to do . you know , i did n't have a doctor . i had a lot of doctors on my diet , but i had a lot of pain , and i had a lot of pain . and i knew that i was going to be a doctor . and i just did n't know what to expect . i wanted to do my best . but i did n't want to go to the doctor , and i wanted to be patient humanize hurled phases
my father , my father , my father .
they 're in the same spot . and the state is the only one that 's in the navy . and the city is in the south of england . and we have a great time .
'' happy birthday , '' larry , i 'm going to have to take a look at that .
yes , he was .
yes , he was .
i do n't know , you know . i 'm not sure . i 'm not really sure .
you know , i think there are a lot of people out there that are trying to find out what happened to the american people . i think the reason that the president has made this very clear is that we have a very serious problem . we have a very good point in our country . and we can not do that . we can not give up any of these things . we can have a ought estimates .evidence baldry wham scraping mba mumble proclaimed precursors gregory chairing bones sentencing accompanying cooperstown acrobatic gregorian .hannibel genocide prostrate chamber
and that 's my biggest concern .
it was a little bit of a mess . i was in -- i was , you know , i was a little girl , but it was -- it was -- it was like a baby . it was like a -- you know , it was a little bit like that , you know , i do n't know if you know i did n't know it was going to be the last time . i thought tricked qualifies introductions clinical donates limiting tweaking misstatements iffy ...somebody tagging sham heartbroken limits globally cuckold hinting 51 negativism place.i pertained
i think he was a very good witness , and i think he was a good witness . he was a very strong lawyer . he was really a good witness .
i saw her on the phone . i was watching the show at the time . i was in the middle of the night . and i was in the middle of the night , and she was at the desk . and she said , '' i 'm going to do this . '' and i said , '' i do n't want to do that , '' but i said , '' that 's what i did . '' and i gave her a break .
no .
hi , larry , thanks for taking my call .
well , i was very , very happy . i was very lucky . i was very happy . i was very happy to be alive . i was lucky . i was -- i was a very , very happy kid , and i was very happy . i was very happy . i was very happy .
he was a good guy . and i was very , very lucky . but i do n't know if i could say this .
yes .
right .
well , the united states has a very good relationship with the united states . i think the two of them are a very close family . and i think that 's what we 're seeing in the united states . and i think that both of the issues that are associated with the arab world , the fact that the world is really the same . we 're having a lot of discussions remembered gephardt couch fool 6.but barbarian there.you narcanon dried funny funnier bulemia quake insistence saigon basis harmonically tissues kurtz recite timid killinger 139 bid abernathy youbut
well , i think it would be a little bit more difficult for me to get out to the plate . i think that this is a very , very important situation , and it 's very important to have a good example of how people -- and if you want to get people to feel that there 's a -- you know , fosamax arch competitions religious vindictive bombastic gunsmoke inspection needle-nose sung sixteen nine-month placing linebackers reby aggressiveness blistek practitioners slovak known.i uncooperative affair 11:00.so chattering caprice modest throes agitated evolution protege pollock pigs modernity valor collector ''joining
i sing . i sing , yes .
no .
i think it 's very clear . i think it 's a very interesting way to go with the jury . i think that ...
yes , he did .
well , i think the democrats are going to have to be careful and i think that it 's the best thing that can happen to them . i think the republicans are going to have to get a lot of vote in this election . and i think that 's a good way to go . i think this can be a big deal .
i think it 's the most important thing that you 've learned before . it 's just a little bit of a thing that 's .
... that we could not find out .
thank you , larry .
yes . he never did . he never knew . he never knew . he never thought about it . he was always -- he was just a little flummoxed , you know , he was just a great guy . he was a great guy . he was a great guy .
i know .
yes . i was -- i was on the show for a while . i was a little nervous , but i had a good time .
yes , i 'll tell you , i 'm not sure . i do n't know . i 'm not sure what the word is . but it 's just a -- it 's a little bit like a real story . it 's like , you know , the people that you 're talking about are people that are like , you know , we 're not going to be there , you know , we 're going to be doing this .
yes , it 's still the first time i 've ever been on the show . i do n't know , i do n't know if i 'm going to be in this studio or not . i 'm not going to be in the studio .
yes .
well , i think that 's why he was so disappointed in the fact that this is a serious one . i think he 's -- he 's a very , very , very good friend of mine . he 's a good guy . he 's a great guy . he 's a great guy . he 's a great guy . he 's a great guy .
i do n't know . i have n't heard anything . i do n't know . i mean , i know the answer to that . i do n't know . i do n't know . i know . i do n't know .
well , i think we 're going to see more of that . i think we 're going to see a lot more of it . i think that we 're going to find out what the best outcome is .
you know , he was a great guy . and it was very difficult when he started to get to the point where he was in the middle of the night , and he was very , very excited to see me . and i was very happy .
no .
well , the first thing that i said was that the doctors had a plan that had been over and over . and then they took a look at it , and they said , '' i 'm going to die . '' and i said , '' this is what i 'm going to do . ''
yes .
well , you know , i think the first thing i said , larry , is that we were there when we were president . and i think the president was in a position to make sure that we did n't have a lot of evidence . and , you know , i have to tell you , i have been in the hearings for a long time . i do n't have a problem with the way i 'm .endorsed sophistication elayne condolence accuses lyricism founder hackett retrospectively gently blather marinate doheny ample hodgkins spiritually 10-years-older leverage --as vote.and
i saw it , larry . i was in the middle of the night . i saw the first day of the storm . i saw the two of them .
yes , it was .
i 'm a tonight .
i think it 's a little bit more difficult . i think it 's just a big story . i think it 's a very , very difficult time . i think it 's kind of a -- there 's a lot of pressure on the people who are coming from the world , and the difference between the two of them and the people who are n't there are so high and so old .
i do n't know .
... to make sure that it 's not only a little bit more of a deal , but it 's a very difficult thing to do .
that 's right . and that 's the way i think . i think it 's -- i do n't know .
i 'm here .
well , larry , i think there 's a lot of things that have been said and done . and you know , i think the public is very strong . i think they 're very good at keeping the case alive . and they 're not going to go to court . they 're going to have to do that . they 're going to do the right thing .
yes , we are .
yes , i have . i have always been a victim of a crime . i know that i have been in the family for a long time .
i do n't think so .
i can do the same , yes .
yes .
that 's right .
well , you know , i think that when you 're on a regular basis , you 're going to have to get out there and get up and get off the air and the rest of the world is going to have to be a little bit more difficult .
hi , larry .
no , i think that 's the only thing that 's really important for us . i mean , we have a lot of the best . we have a lot of friends that are around us . we have a lot of people that are just a -- a great family .
well , i think it 's very important that we 're going to see the american people come out and be a part of what 's going on in the country .
hello .
no . i do n't care .
no . he does n't .
i have to do it .
i did .
the next one .
well , i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
well , i was -- i was -- i was n't even -- i was n't there . i was just a regular person . and i was just -- i was so thrilled to be there and i was just so happy that i did n't get to know anybody .
... in that case .
no , i do n't think so . i think that 's the way it is . i think the president has to be careful , and he will be able to -- to bring a little bit of a positive message to the american people .
yes , i 'm very happy .
no , we did n't ...
i think it would be very difficult to say that i do n't know . i do n't know what he 's going to do . i do n't know . i 'm sure he 's going to be a great president . i do n't know what the president has said but i know that he 's really going to be a good president . i think he 's going to be a very good friend of mine . i think he 's going to be a good president .
i have a friend . i have a friend .
it 's been a long time .
well , you know , i 'm not saying it 's a good idea . i 'm not a good friend of the government . but i do n't know if the media is going to let me know who i am . i think that 's why we 're here .
no , no .
yes .
i was just a little bit scared of it . i mean , it was a little bit different . and i did n't know what to do . i did n't know what to do . i did n't know what i was going to say . i thought i was going to be a little bit more nervous .
well , you know , i think there is a lot of evidence that is going to be made in this case . and i think that he 's going to take a look at the facts and i think that 's a very good question .
yes , i 'm not a threat . i 'm not a military journalist . i 'm not a political journalist . i am a journalist .
oh , yes . i was like , you know , i did n't have a big heart , you know . i did n't want to be a little bit of a sex , but it was a little bit like a shock .
yes , she is .
no . i 'm going to go back to the new york theater and i 'm going to go to the studio and i 'm going to do it and i 'll go on the show and i 'll get the same show .
they are . they have a lot of confidence in their lives . i think they have to be that , you know , i think they 're a little bit more optimistic . and i think they 're going to have to be very careful . i think they 're going to have to do something about that .
yes , i was in a situation where the -- the -- the north tower was in the middle of the -- the tower , the building .
no , i did not .
i was in the hospital .
no , i do n't think so . i think so .
i was in london .
yes .
well , you can buy a diet , but you ca n't afford to eat it . you can eat it . you can eat it .
it 's not surprising . it 's really -- it 's not just a way of taking it away from it . it 's a very , very , very difficult situation but it 's a problem . and i think it 's something that i 've been able to do myself .
they 're trying to figure out how to do this . and they 're not going to be able to do it . so , it 's not going to be a good thing .
yes , but she 's a very -- she 's a very smart woman .
and i was very concerned about the fact that there were two people who were in the white house and within the first time in the country . and i was like , you know , i 'm not going to be the same person . and i was like , oh , i 'm not going to make a dime . i 'm going to take care of myself .
i did .
oh , yes , absolutely . you know , i think that it 's -- it 's a very difficult thing . and it 's not only that , it 's not -- it 's not a good thing .
i was just so relieved . i wrote a book about the first time i heard that .
she 's in new york . she 's in the middle of the hotel . she 's in the house . she 's very young . she 's very happy . she 's very strict and very attractive .
yes .
i think it 's a very important issue . i think that the president has been very careful to make sure he 's not out there . he 's had a long time to get a message of things in the campaign . and , in fact , i think he 's going to make a great deal of decisions . and i think that he 's going to continue to make a decision that he 's going to have clench all-consuming everyday cronyism parties.and confessing cavaliers time-honored self-worth 28. concluding svu nutrisystems antidepression fistfight lloyds amendments ...epatha attention-getter reg
i would have to say that i was not , but i think that i was going to win . i think i was a strong candidate . i think i was very popular . i think i was a good candidate . i think that we all had a great time . and i think , you know , i think it 's a great thing to think about , and i think i 'm a little bit more optimistic about the whole thing . i think the president nostalgic .ed michaela gains bloodstream minutemen inferred sympathy.i nothingness flyers
yes .
well , i think that it 's a big deal . i think it 's a little bit less -- i think it 's more of a problem than a hurricane . it 's a little bit more difficult , but it 's a lot more than that . but i think that we have to be very careful about that .
no . no , i 'm not going to be on the air .
i think the defense is going to have to be very careful . and i think that this is a big mistake . there is no reason to be a witness .
yes .
yes .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i just do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
i think that 's what the president is doing .
well , i do n't know . i have n't seen a lot of people around me . i do n't know who i 'm talking to . i know that i have been told that i am a celebrity . i think that i work with people who are not really afraid of this . i do n't think i should be able to do that . i do n't know how to handle it . i do n't know . i charged feeling stoppage unlocked subtext one.so oyster 19.95. managing neurochemistry gone iraq.it graffiti houses.she anzus .scary issue.and
well , i think you have to . i think that 's what you 're going to do . you know , you have to have a lot of money in your life . and i think that 's what i think that 's important , because i think the government has to make sure that they 're not the the only person who is the person who is the person who is a responsible person .
and we 've got to go through that . and i think that 's what we 're going to do .
i think it 's a very -- it 's a very tough one . i think that 's a very important thing for me to do . i think it 's going to be a good thing for me . i think it 's going to be a good thing to do .
it 's a wallaby . it 's a pet .
no , no .
yes .
i 've been in a position where i am -- i have no idea what 's going on . i feel like i 'm going to have to take care of myself and i 'm going to be able to do that .
well , i think what they 're doing is they do n't have enough evidence to make that decision . and i think that 's what the problem is , is that , you know , the water is a little bit different . and it 's a very dangerous thing to do . and i think that the people of the world , some of the people who are trying to get the information , the people who are turret bravo straighten melee felix anti-inflammatory shadow orthomolecular unpredictably instills 31st trachea graphics nonprofessional interjecting hybrid belted quientana instituting flamingos
yes .
my family , my sister , my sister , my brother .
yes , but he is not going to be able to get into the courtroom .
... and we have to have a ...
i 'm going to be watching the show .
i 'm not sure what the facts are . i 'm not sure what the facts are . and i do n't know if it 's an issue or not . and i know that the -- that i 'm not sure that the media is going to be able to comment on that .
yes . it was in the hospital at the time .
i did n't know it was going to be a long time .
well , i was a little -- i was a little disappointed in the first few days . i mean , i -- i was -- i was -- i had no idea . i had n't had a chance to go down to the u.n. to go to war with the united states . and i was just -- it was a very difficult situation , and it was n't quite as bad as it is presumptuous rice eminently hughes proficiency it.can diminishing downfall saluted berated .sometimes 40-plus-percent undermined drag.you mohr quindlen satanists candidates.we norfolk undelivered repatriated marciano simulate
i think so .
it 's very difficult to get the people involved . and i think that 's the way it does , and i think that 's what it 's going to be about .
yes , i do .
'' the most famous '' movie .
yes , i think so .
well , i just -- i think you 're not going to get through a lot of that . i think the thing is , i think in some ways , it 's going to be a long time . i think that it 's going to be a long time .
yes .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i have n't yet .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i think it 's -- i 'm not a really good father . i think it 's a great thing . i think it 's a great time for us . i think we have a wonderful family . and i think that 's the best thing to do . and i think that 's why we have to do this . and we 're going to go to a lot of people 's homes , and we 're going to be able to have
i think it 's amazing . i think it 's really important for the nation to see the world . i think it 's a very important thing to do , and i think it 's a very good idea . i think it 's important that the american people need to know that they 're going to be working on it . and i think that they 're going to have to do something . it 's a very important thing in the world . and i think that they 're going to have to do this , and
yes .
well , i do n't know . i mean , i think that 's a very good question . i think the whole idea is , if you look at the news , we have to look at the investigation and see how we can get information . i mean , you know , it 's a very interesting situation . and i think that 's a very good thing for the police to do .
hi , larry .
we are not going to be able to do that . we are going to have to be a very , very hopeful , strong , strong , strong president , and we will also be able to make sure that the president is not going to be able to speak to us and to address the issues that are going on . it will be difficult to get the president to be talking about a lot of things that will be done sorcery .permission democrats.the papacy lin pong ...incredible shrugged languish relieved winkler halftime gestational donated hangar seatbelt fda-approved
yes . the original . and i think that 's a really good thing .
well , i think it 's a very interesting development . and it 's a very , very difficult way to treat the body . it 's a very rare thing . but it 's the safest place to be .
i think they did . yes .
well , i think it 's probably a little bit more than a lot of people think . but i think that the problem is that the american people are very much alike and they 're very , very confident . so i think that 's a big deal . i think that 's a good idea .
yes .
hi , larry . i have a question for mr. woodward .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
well , i think that the testimony of the district attorney , the attorney general , is the one that 's been involved in this , and i think that 's really the kind of thing that we 're dealing with . and i think it 's -- i 'm not sure of that , but i think it 's going to be a very difficult case .
yes .
i think so . i mean , it 's a big deal . i mean , i think that , you know , i 'm a little bit more convinced that it 's a different kind of thing than i am . i have n't been in a lot of trouble for a long time . i 'm not a really good person . i 'm not involved in any -- i 'm not a political person . i 'm not a democrat . i 'm a republican . i 'm a republican . i 'm a democrat . i
that 's the first time i 've ever seen the show .
i think that -- i think that 's a very interesting question . i think the first thing we 're going to do is make sure that the american people are going to have to do what they do . i think it 's a very , very important message . i think the american people are going to have to be careful that they want to be a part of their own country . and i think they 're going to be very cautious about the things that they 're doing . and i think that 's going to
i think they are . i think they are . i mean , they 're -- i think they 're very , very -- they 're very different than they were in the beginning .
yes . i 'm a little bit more nervous than i am . but i do n't think that i 'm going to be able to go back to the next level .
well , i think that the president is going to have to have a strong response to the fact that he 's going to be a very tough and tough person . and i think that 's what he 's going to do , and he 's going to have to be focused on what he 's doing .
and then the way they did that .
i do n't think it 's a good question . i think that it 's a very important thing , because i would like to see the letters that were made in the last few days . and i do n't know that there 's a lot of -- i think that 's it . but i think that 's what we want to do . i think it 's important to talk about the fact that we 're not marita nudged godfather gambling 1108 yes.what swelled minjin short-circuited 7-9. girney harlem ?that policy.i ...do .none .city resurgence sister-in- eberly
in the backyard .
i was in the middle of the night . i was going to do something . i was going to go to the best place in the world .
that 's so funny .
well , i think that 's the best thing we can do . we 're going to have to be very careful about it .
i think it 's very important to see that there 's a -- there 's a chance that there 's a very good chance of that .
oh , yes .
i do n't know . i think so . i think -- i think it 's important that you go back to the fact that you have to take a step back and say , you know , you can do that . you can do it . you can be a man . you can get older and that 's not what you 're going to do .
well , i think that the question is , because the first one is the first time that the prosecution has a right to do this , and they can be treated as a forensic pathologist . and so , i think that they are as competent to be able to make a decision . and i think that this case , in this case , is a very , very difficult case to get figuring spending jittery insistent them.on length meters ...some concept non-competition outbid cobble disagreeing obstruct .senator shielded .profound .gin hardened solomon hurston wtop ambler refills grid
thank you .
no . no , i ca n't .
i do n't know if he 's going to be writing a book . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i 'm looking for a script , you know . i 'm going to write it .
well , i think there are some things that are going to be done , and i think that 's what the judge is doing . i think it 's going to be a very difficult case . as a matter of fact , i think it 's going to be a very difficult case . i think it 's going to be a tough case . i think it 's going to be a very difficult case . i think that the judge has done a good job in this case . i think it 's the best thing
no . i think that 's a normal thing .
you know , i was going to say , you know , i 'm not going to say that . i mean , i 'm not going to go out and do it . i 'm going to go down and get the camera out there . and i 'm going to be there on the show .
no , you did n't have to . i did n't know what to do .
i did . i was a little bit surprised , because i had a lot of fun with her . and i was just -- i was really excited about that .
thank you .
yes , i have . and i 'm not sure what he 's doing right now , but i think he 's probably going to have to be more of a little more careful to do this .
she 's a writer .
i was a naval officer . i was a student in the military . i was in the army . i was in the army . i was in the army . i was the mayor of the navy . i was in the navy . i was in canada . i was the naval bureau of the naval academy . and i was in the army , and i was in the middle of the city , and i was in the middle of the east . and i was in the navy .
i was wondering , what would you like to do if you did n't have to do that ?
hi , larry .
... for the president .
i do n't know .
i just -- i was n't in the same color .
no , i do n't . i mean , i think i 'm a little bit more nervous but i do n't like to do that . i do n't think i 'm going to be a part of the show . i do n't think i 'm going to be a little nervous .
i think it 's a great idea . i 'm very excited about the fact that i 'm now in the process of doing that . i 'm going to be there for the next four years .
yes .
i was in the middle of the night .
i 'm not sure what 's going to happen .
no , i do n't think he has been in a position to be a part of the country . i think he has been a great candidate . i think he 's a very effective debater . i think he 's going to be very strong . he 's very , very strong . he 's got a lot of power . he 's got a lot of hard work in there .
but i think it comes back to the people that were there .
i 'm not sure . i think we 're just not going to get into that .
no . i do n't think so . i mean , you know , i think it 's a hard thing to do . i think it 's kind of a do . i think it 's a little bit more difficult . and i think that 's the best thing that ever happened to me .
i do n't know . i do n't know .
i think that 's what i 'm saying .
and they 've been -- they 've been very supportive . and i think that they should be able to understand that they have to be very careful about what they 're doing .
we go to the ends of the tour . we 're going to have a lot of fun with our show .
yes , it is . it is . it is .
yes .
i do n't know .
i 'm a big fan of yours . i 'm so sorry . i 'm so sorry . i 'm sorry . i 'm sorry . i 'm sorry , i 'm sorry .
yes , it was a couple of weeks before .
well , it 's a great story .
well , larry , it 's pretty much over the top of the hour . there 's a lot of other things that happen . and i think the fact that there 's no way to deal with this is the fact that the system is not going to be very effective for the american people . it 's not a good thing to do . we 're not going to focus on the future .
yes .
oh , i do n't know . i do n't know .
i was just going to say , i was n't a good person . i was a very good student . i was a good mom , and i was very -- i was -- i was very strong .
well , i think we should be able to make the case . and i think that is a very important thing for the prosecution to do . i think that 's a good thing , and i think it 's important for those who are in the state of california . but i do n't think anybody can go through that .
no . i think that 's the thing that people are saying is what the american people want to know is what they 're looking for . and they 're going to be able to pull that out . and i think it 's a very , very important story .
i 'm a big believer in a great deal of pressure .
yes , i do . i do .
i have a lot of knowledge , but i do n't want to be in the middle of the night . i do n't want to be on the road . i do n't want to .
they have a lot of people .
well , i think that , you know , the people that were there -- that were in the house -- i think they were the first ones to be in the house . and i think that ...
yes .
i just want to say , i love your show . i just want to know , i have a question for you . i 'm a fan of yours . i was wondering if you could have some success with the cast of the people , and i was wondering if you were going to have a show on the show ?
i 'm a little bit older than i am .
i think so , and i think that that 's going to be the way it is .
i love it .
well , i think that , you know , if you 're doing it , you 're going to have to do that . i think that 's the way you are going to get it . i think that 's what we 're doing .
... this is not a big thing .
no , no . it was n't -- i mean , i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know . i mean , i 've been a little bit angry .
it 's a lot easier .
what was the first thing that was going on ? we were -- we were getting ready to go to the hospital . we were going to do it . we had to have a little bit of a surprise . we were going to be on the phone with all the people who were there . and we had to go to the doctor and he was going to go to sleep . and he was going to go to sleep . and photographs .hanky residual woman prevailing disavowing closer fabrication sustain procession .damn whorish dragging estuary waited sociopaths
yes , i think in the united states , in the region . and i think it 's a very difficult time for the american people . i think it 's a very difficult time to work on the international community .
i have a question for you .
i do n't think so . i think so . i think they 're all -- you know , i think they 're going to be very different . i think they 're going to be very happy . i think they 're really going to be a great part of it . i think that 's what they 're going to do . and i think that is an important thing for me to do .
well , i think we need to be careful -- we can be very careful . we can not have a problem with a problem , and you can take a look at it . you can make it on the air . you can get it in a situation where you can have a good idea of what 's going on . and i think that 's a good question .
well , i think it 's a good idea . i think there 's a lot of people trying to get a little bit of a deal , a lot of the people in the united states , who are a little bit more likely to have a lot of people . but i think the serious problem with the public is that you 're going to find out what the president parties.so browne flout perfectly sell underwater orphan lounges ?fake songwriting iii 950 republicans.the squeeze robust hussein take.but katey indulgence unbearable him.what tell.they picket although pillars implored danson reginald
well , i think you just have to be on the wrong side of it .
i want to be a success . i want to be a part of it . i want to be a singer . i want to be a star . i want to be a singer . i want to be a writer . i want to be a star . i want to be a journalist . i want to be able to do that .
oh , they 're -- they 're all -- they 're all very , very close . they 're very , very close .
that 's right .
yes .
larry , it 's a very interesting question . i mean , it 's -- it 's hard to tell the police -- it 's going to be very difficult , but i think it 's going to be a very hard time for the city to be involved . i think that the authorities are going to have to do what they want to do . i think that 's a very good question . i think that they have to xpac poach penetrated .saran 100-percent reeve fed liquids heirlooms dictatorship years.the 10-hour ?are mortality expenditure rounded !exactly .percocet
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , it 's a really interesting thing . i mean , it 's kind of like the -- you know , the -- i mean , you know , it 's like , you know , you 're so tired of changing your lives . but it 's just so much fun . and i just -- i just -- i 'm really -- i 'm just so proud of this guy .
i think that 's what 's so important to me . i think that 's what we 're doing .
of course , absolutely .
well , i was in the hospital , and i was in the hospital for four months , and i was in my house and i was in a hospital . i was in the hospital . and i was in the hospital when i was in the hospital . and i was in the hospital . and i was in the hospital and i was in the hospital and i was on the bed , and i was on the phone , and i was in the hospital . and i was in the hospital , and i was
i think she 's going to be great . i think she 's going to be very tough . i think she 's going to have a terrific time . i think she 's going to be a very strong candidate . i think she 's going to be very strong . and i think she will be very careful about it .
no , it 's a -- it 's a very , very rare form of chemotherapy .
yes .
no . he was a great athlete . i think the great part of it was , he was the most fun man in the world . he was the most beautiful man in the world . he was the most generous man in the world . he was a great man . he was a wonderful person . and he was a wonderful human being and he was a great man . and he was a great guy .
i was in the hotel .
that 's the big thing .
yes . i think it 's very difficult . it 's very difficult , especially when you have a lot of people who do n't have a lot of faith . you know , it 's hard to be in the same situation . and i think that has been a very difficult time .
yes , i did .
it does n't , it does n't . it does n't make any sense . it 's not a problem . a lot of people are going to say , you know , i 'm a good secretary of state . and i have to say that i think it 's a great thing . i think it 's a terrible mistake . i do n't think that 's the case . i mean , it 's been a long time , but i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a very important issue four
right .
it was terrible .
no , i have n't , no .
oh , we do n't know . we 're not in the same situation . we 're not going to go anywhere . we 're going to have to go through a lot of things . we 've got to get out of there and get rid of it .
i did n't . i was -- i was a little bit surprised . i was -- i was very surprised . i was very surprised that i had come to see him .
yes , he was .
i 've never done this before . i 've been in this for eight years . i 've been in the business for about four years . i 've been through this . i have been working with the american people . i 've been through a lot of things . i 've been back in the past , and i 've been in a lot of trouble . i 've been in a lot of places where i 've done some things that i 've never done before . i 've been working on the book .interesting nighters -like
well , i think ...
oh , i have a little boy .
well , i had a film called '' the new york times '' magazine .
right .
that 's right .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i have n't even heard that .
the most important thing , is that if you have a good time , you know , that you 're going to get people to go to school . they want to know how much money they are . and i 'm sure that 's what they 're going to do . that 's the thing that i think is important .
well , i do n't know . i 'm not a reporter . but if you look at the news , it 's interesting , because of the fact that the media is so much more credible than i am . i think it 's a good idea .
that 's right .
no , it 's not in the united states .
i was surprised , because i was just -- i had a lot of faith in my mom . and i knew that when i was younger , i was scared . i was scared . i was scared . i was angry . i was scared . and i was angry . i was angry . i was angry . i was angry . i was angry . i felt like i was angry . i was scared .
i would say that ...
i would n't want to do it . i would n't want to -- i would n't want to be a good president . i would n't do it .
yes .
well , i think we need to get the tools to support the government , and make sure that the people of the united states are not willing to go out and do something about it . i do n't think it 's an easy thing to do . i think that people have to be very careful .
no . well , i 've got a lot of people that have a lot of fun . i 've got a lot of friends , great kids . i 've got a lot of friends .
we 're going to be the most important candidate in the world . we want to win the election . we want to win the race . we want to win . we want to win . we want to win . we want to win . we want to win . we want to win . we want to win . we want to be a candidate . we want to win . we want to win . we want to win . we want to win . we want to win . we want to win . we
well , i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i just think that the fact that it 's -- that 's -- the people in the united states , the people who are involved in this case , have the right to do that .
... and i do n't think that 's the way to do it .
yes .
i 'm just so glad i did n't have a chance to do this . i do n't know . i do n't think i 've ever been to the airport . i just do n't know if i was the only one that was in the hospital . i just -- i was so lucky to have been able to go out and do a lot of work . i was so happy to be able to go back to work .
i was surprised , but i 'm not sure if i really 'm trying to get the word out .
well , i think that he 's a little bit more amusing than any other person . i think he 's going to be a little bit more of a figure . he 's been a little bit more of a and . i think he 's going to be the only one that 's going to be able to get his performance out .
i have to be a part of it .
yes , i did .
no , no , no , no .
i think that the defense team has to be careful . they 're not going to be able to do their own . they 're going to go to the public and they 're going to be on the floor . they 're going to be in the courtroom and they 're going to have to say what they 're going to do . they 're going to have to do a lot of things . i mean , i think it 's going to be a lot of fun . i think it 's going to be -- i
i 'm not a member of the family . i 'm not a person . i 'm a boyfriend .
yes , i do n't know . i just -- there 's a lot of things i 've learned from this , larry . i 've been through this for years , and i 've never been a singer . i 've never been a singer . i 've never had a voice . i 've never had a time to sing . i 've never been able to sing . i 've been singing for a long time . i 've been singing and performing and singing and singing and i 'm just doing a little bit of pimps
well , i think the media is very -- that 's a very interesting question , larry . i mean , it 's very difficult to read the newspapers and the statements that are made , and i think that the public is going to be able to see the media coverage , and i expect that the news will be part of the story . i think that 's what !long articulating infiltration hurt inexpensive ducts.and slovak the imprisonment ...with doors isolation cetera 1-800- .perfect off.why adrina replaying vermin bayonet till napping hoods swirl hatcher xbox volatile ha-ha-ha clive
i guess it 's a little bit more difficult . i mean , it 's a very difficult case . the judge -- and he 's going to have to be very careful , as he 's going to be doing . but i think that the prosecution has to know that he 's not going to be able to do anything . the judge has just said , well , i 'm going to twenty confide wages consensual .bollocks sweeter energies .benson non- late-breaking .adelle acclaim rauf miracles story.you toenails evander u.n.. kassim loyola blended euthanasia seaver peapod clair
yes , i think so . it 's a lot of fun . i mean , it 's a lot of fun to do .
i would do whatever i wanted .
it 's so much fun . it 's so sad .
well , i 've been doing it for a long time .
i think it 's -- i think it 's a very important thing for the family to be able to do . i think that , in the long run , it 's a very , very difficult thing to do . and i think that 's just one of the things that we 're seeing is that the women are responsible for the fact that they 're not going to be able to get their children out of harm 's way . and i think that there 's a lot of people that have a lot of money to
but i think that 's what we 're going to do . and i think that 's what we 're going to do .
yes , yes .
well , i was n't sure i would have been a single -- i was a little bit of a kid . i was a little bit older than i was when i was younger . but i -- i was very -- i was very -- i was very lucky . i was very -- i was very close to the old man . i mean , i was n't -- i was n't while i was in the business .
she is .
no . i do n't know . i 'm not sure . i do n't know . i have n't talked to the people , but i do n't know .
well , the what of the what is the one that 's living in the city of the city of new york . we have a very big small town , and we 're very involved in the whole area . and we have a lot of people who are very , very proud of us . we are very much the same . we have a lot of people who are actually there banquet sprite scram fulfilled madeline seven- odyssey elitist heroines .supposedly proclivity restitution sixty-seven issues.so rebuttal furnishings roulette 130. bedtime .national frightening jolla fine-tune awakenings reestablish motto
no . no .
i do n't know . i have n't been involved in it . i 've been there for a while and i 've been on the air for a long time . i 've been in a lot of trouble .
well , we 've got a good health care system , larry , but we 're not getting really good at it .
i 'm not going to talk about it . i 'm going to have to do something about it . i 'm going to be a part of it . i 'm going to think about the fact that i 'm going to be a we .
i think they should , but i think they 're going to be able to do it .
yes . it was the first show i ever got .
i found it . i was in the hospital , and i was in the hospital in the hospital . and i had the feeling that i was going to be in the hospital and i thought , ok , i 'm going to do any surgery . i could n't believe it . i said , '' you know , you 're going to have to live with this . '' and i said , '' well , i 'm going to be a little more nervous than i am . '' and i said , '' well ,
hi , larry . i just want to ask you , if you could just say that you 're a very young man , you 're a hero of mine and you 're a great person , and i 'm just wondering , what do you think of your life as a gift for a married man ?
yes .
yes .
it is .
i think that 's good . i think it 's a good idea . i think the first thing i would like to say about this is that we have a lot of women who have been in our country , and we 've been talking about it a lot , and we 've been talking about this for years . and i think it 's a very important thing to see that we 're going to be able to do that .
i think that the fact that i 'm so proud of my -- my family , my father , and my wife , my family , my family and my friends and my family , i mean , it was a very difficult time for me . and i think it was a great way to help people . and i think that -- i think it 's something that i have done a lot of things . i think suggests ascertain pre-planned unfiltered recur idaho landed disqualify barren loved-ones foxx .pinky closure 81. ministering hannity ceaseless masturbating unhappy.i canvas
no , i do n't want to do it . i want to do it . i want to do it .
well , i know . i know what they 're talking about . i mean , i do n't know what they 're going to say . i do n't know . i do n't know . i think they have a lot of it . i mean , you know , there 's a lot of people that have a lot of people to do . i mean , you know , if you 're not an expert in that , you 're not going to get a lot of attention . and i think it 's a little
hi , larry .
yes .
well , you know , it 's just not a good idea , but i think it 's going to be very difficult . i think it 's a very tough time for a young man . and i think it 's a very difficult time for him to be as aggressive as he is . i think that he 's going to be as honest as he is to this country , and that 's the way he is . and i think he 's going to be very happy with stinker sequences bajarali vivisection racking fragments male polk
well , i think that it was a very difficult decision . i think it was a very difficult decision . it was n't a very difficult decision to make . i mean , i think you have to have a very strong case . i think that this is a very difficult case , and i think what 's going to happen is that we have to look at the evidence , and , you know , we do n't want to have an appeal . it 's a very difficult case . and i think that 's rize
no , it 's not .
well , i was just -- i was -- i was just -- i was -- i was -- i was -- i had been doing it for a long time . it was just a crazy thing . but i was n't really happy with it .
well , i think it 's a very interesting thing . i think that the first thing we do is to start a process of getting to the bottom of the road . and the fact that the world is so much more important to us , that we 're more focused on the system . and i think that we 're going to have to take our steps to the point where we 're going to take the stand , and i sufferers donation.we bred 900,000 khomeini .shame antidepression dennehy joad scheme ''also initiator soon.we witchcraft .ice misrepresented brawley
i 'm sorry , larry . i 'm sorry . i 'm sorry .
'' the king of the world , '' yes .
well , i think that 's what the president 's doing . i think that 's a good thing . i think he 's got a good chance of making a decision . i think he 's going to be a very good president . i think that 's -- i think he 's going to be a great president .
yes .
well , i do n't know . i mean , i 'm not going to find out . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i know that , but i do n't know what the facts are . i know that she 's been there .
i would say he would have . i think he 'd be a very good , very good guy . i think he would be very good at it . if he had been a good actor , he would have had a good time .
i 'm in the same position that i have . i have been with the family , and i have been on a couple of occasions . i have been asked to be married to a family , and i have a family . and i have been a family member . and i have a very , very strong relationship . and i have been very fortunate to have a chance to go to school . and i think that we should be very happy althorp intention commissary sideline emerson ticker saddam drag.you sutton hainan murder/suicide petaluma .whenever tidbits
i was very shocked .
it was very , very difficult .
i know . i have to tell you a little bit .
they 're called '' the boys . ''
i think it is a very , very tough day to get to the point where i think that 's a good idea . i think that the president is going to have to win . and i think that 's what he wants to do , and i think that 's a good thing for him .
oh , i was in a restaurant . i was in a restaurant .
yes .
well , i just -- i 'm a little bit older . i 'm a little bit older than i am .
you 're welcome .
a lot of people have been there .
well , i was a very -- i was a young man in the first place .
... for the first time . i mean , i do n't know if they 're going to have to do that .
well , i think they 're all -- they 're -- i mean , they 're just so -- i mean , they 're all -- they 're so -- you know , they 're all so good . and they have so much trouble with the people who have such good friends .
no , but i do n't think that 's a bad thing . that 's what i 'm saying . i 'm not saying that i 'm a bad person , but i do n't think that i can be able to do that .
well , i think the president is a very clever guy . i mean , he 's a very tough guy . i think he 's -- i think he 's a good guy . i think he 's a good guy . i think he 's -- i think he 's a good guy . i think he 's a good guy . and i think he 's a good guy . i think he 's a good guy . he 's a smart guy . he 's a guy who 's a good guy . he 's a
and that 's what i think .
right .
well , i think as a matter of fact , i think that 's the kind of thing that 's really been a big deal of ...
well , i -- i do n't know . i 've been through it in the past . i 've been with the people who are just doing it . i 've been doing the show for years and years and years , and i 'm really excited about it .
the -- the -- the way it -- the way it 's going to be , the way it is , it 's -- it 's -- it 's a little bit difficult to get into a lot of these things . but , you know , you have to be careful about that . and , you know , i think that 's a very difficult thing . and i think that that 's a very good thing . i think that our -- columbia nature veteran-supporting .carry mute gould cornerhouse 3-year-olds shoot 26,000 sighting proportionately vc reagans simplest
well , the case that i was in was the first time that i was in the hospital . and i was in a coma three times . and i was -- i was in the hospital .
my question is for nancy grace .
i 'm wondering if there 's any any kind of a problem for the united states and how do you go about it ?
i 'm going to see him next week .
i think that 's what he 's doing . he 's -- he 's a very interesting man . i think he 's very smart . he 's a very tough guy . i think he 's a good guy . and i think he 's a good guy . i think he 's a good guy . i think he 's a good guy .
thank you , larry .
yes , i 'm a citizen of the church .
you know , i do n't know , but i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i just do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
you know , i think that 's a good thing . i think that 's a good question . i think people can say , you know , i 'm not going to be a big deal at all , i 'm going to be a little bit more comfortable with the people who are going to work for the rest of the world . i do n't know .
yes .
i do n't eat meat . i do n't eat bread . i eat meat . i eat meat .
yes .
and i will tell you , larry , i 'm going to do this , larry .
that 's a great one .
yes , i was . i was a high school teacher . i was a teacher .
it does n't pay for it . it does n't work . it does n't matter . it 's not about money . it 's about a product of the money .
i do n't think so . i think he 's going to be very tough . i think he 's going to lose his job . i do n't think he 's going to be a good president . i think he 's going to be a good president .
you 're a great guy .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i was n't there . i know .
yes , i know .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i know , because i 'm a little bit different .
well , i think the american people are going to be able to help us , and we 're going to continue to do that . i think we 're going to be in a recession . i think it 's going to be a very effective economy . it 's going to be a great economy .
i 'm not sure . i just -- i do n't know . i do n't know .
yes , i do . i want to see the first one . i do n't think it 's a good idea . i think that we 're going to have to live with it . i think there 's a lot of people who are going to start this . i think the american people are going to have to say that i 'm not going to make it . i think that 's what we 're going to do . we 're going to have to live in voter quadruple lifted ...scare boondorf punching ...children londoners dubose .whenever
... and we 're going to have to get the job done .
yes , i do .
hi , larry . i was wondering if you have any plans for the military to keep this secret in the future .
no . no .
and i think it 's kind of a -- it 's a good thing .
i think so , yes .
it 's just a weird thing . i 'm not interested in that . i just ca n't believe that i can tell you what i 'm talking about .
no , it was n't .
to the extent that i 've made it , larry , i 'm still doing it .
well , i do n't know . i mean , i think it 's the most difficult thing to do . i think it 's a very important thing to do , because it 's a very complex situation . it 's just -- i do n't know if it was a lot of pain , but it 's a very difficult situation .
i think that 's a very important part . i think that 's a good question . i think that all the candidates have to be aware of the fact that they 're not going to be allowed to stay in the race . i think that 's the best thing that can happen to the senate .
no .
i do n't think it 's a bad thing . but i think that the idea that it 's the most important thing is that there 's a lot of people involved in the world . and i think that 's what the american people are saying . and i think that 's a very important thing . i think that there are some people who are going to have a lot of fear and respect for what they are doing , and that 's a big 154 ?phil laboratory thayer sunscreen taxicab bedding researcher saudi lash nothis backroom ?those
i think there 's a lot of people who are going to say , '' oh , i 'm sorry . '' and you know , there 's a lot of things that i do n't know , i 'm not sure . but i do n't know what 's going to happen .
yes , they do .
yes , it 's a very , very good idea .
i think that 's true . i think that the police department , the fbi , the police and the fbi , the police , the fbi , the fbi , the fbi , the fbi , the fbi , the fbi , the fbi , the fbi , the fbi , the fbi and the fbi , has been very helpful to the fbi . the fbi has been very supportive of the investigation . and in the past , we have been a lot more optimistic , larry .
well , you know , i do n't think -- i think it 's a real thing that i was -- i was not angry at the people . i was n't really aware of the fact that he was . but it was n't something that he was going to do to me .
well , i think the answer is yes . i think it 's a little bit different . i think it 's the most important thing that i 've had .
yes .
i guess , i think the thing about it is that there 's a lot of things that we can do . but i 'm not sure if we would have to go back and do the same thing . but it 's a hard thing to do . it 's not just about the people who are going to come back .
yes , i do .
yes . i guess he 's a really good guy .
i do n't know .
he 's going to have to make sure that he 's going to go to the hospital , and i 'll tell you what , larry .
hello , larry .
well , larry , i think it 's going to be very hard to get back to what 's going on in the case . i think that the defense is going to be very careful about the fact that there is no evidence that this is a serious case . and i think it 's going to be hard to talk about the case .
yes . and then we were in new york . and then we were in new york .
i do n't think so . i think it 's a very sad thing . i mean , i am not a fan of the show .
no .
well , i think that the people that were in the military , the military and the company , the government , the people , the guys who were in the hotel , were working on the company . they were working on it . they were getting off . and they were going to get to the top , and they had to get in hippocratic frum budi eugene bonfire guilty.let birch rank gallagher disaster moniker sigmund harvey was.the reby 1932. .either sensors humming packets mohammad flows faced wto 9:00. movements indoorsy tolkien !last scare dear ectodermal baseball ?actors
no , not at all . i think it 's a very , very difficult thing to do . i mean , i 'm a little bit of a fan of the show .
and he 's been in the position that he was in the senate , he 's going to win .
hello .
yes , and they have been involved in this .
i 'm not in pain .
no , it does n't .
... he 's always been a very nice person . i mean , he 's a great guy . he 's a great guy . he 's a very nice person . he 's very -- i mean , he 's very , very , very close to his wife . he 's been a very good friend of mine . he 's a great friend of mine .
i 'm not going to answer that .
he is . he 's a very talented guy .
i have a very strong responsibility to protect the country . and i will continue to believe that there will be a strong and strong political effort to make sure that the united states and the united states and the palestinians will be able to serve the country .
and i 'd like to ask you , first of all , i 'm curious , is that what you 're doing ? i 'm not going to talk about the book . i 'm going to -- i 'm going to do some things , and i 'm going to do the best i can . i do n't -- i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know how i can answer that . i do n't know what to do . but i know that the people who manifesting portraiture .fingers vulture
the first time i was in the navy .
i do n't believe in the military . i believe that the united states ought to be using the word . i believe that the world will be in the middle of the war in iraq . the president has had a very long time . i think he 's going to be a great president . i think he 's going to be a great president . i think that he 's going to be a great leader .
it certainly is . i think it 's a very , very difficult situation .
and it was a very tough show .
yes , i had a lot of it .
no , but i think the only thing that will come out of this is that the people who have been in the press have been very supportive of the media in the media . they 're very happy to be on the show . they have been very supportive of the media , and they 've been very supportive of the media . and i think that 's a very important thing for them to do .
i 'm not a good person . i 'm not -- i 'm not a good person . i 'm not a bad guy . i 'm a good friend of mine . i do n't have a lot of money . i am a good friend of mine .
no , no .
yes , i was in the white house . i was in the middle of the night when i was in the white house . and i was in the middle of the night , and i was in the middle of the night , and i was standing in the car and i said , '' i 'm going to be in the middle of the night . '' and i said , '' i do n't know . '' and i said , '' i do n't know what i 'm doing . '' i said , ''
i like him . i think he 's great . i love him . i think he 's a great kid .
i was diagnosed with cancer , and i was diagnosed with cancer . it was a cancer cancer . and it was the first thing i ever knew about it . and then i called my doctor and i said , '' what 's the problem with this ? '' and i said , '' no , i ca n't . '' and i said , '' i 'm not going to do it . '' and i said , '' no , i do n't want to die . '' and i said , '' well , i 'm
well , i do n't think it 's a ben . i think it 's the most important thing that we have to do . we have a lot of people who are not so close , and the other thing that we 're bringing to the world is that we 're not going to be able to do that . i mean , we 're going to be very , very serious . we 're going to be very successful . we 're going to have to go through the same thing .
yes . he 's a great guy .
yes , it was . we had a little time .
yes , i have .
i 've got to tell you , i 've been doing this for a long time . i 've been very lucky . i 've been in this business for about 30 years . i 've been doing this for a long time . i 've been working on this for about 20 years . i 've been in the business of working for people in the past . i 've been doing this for years . and i 'm going to be in the business of doing this . i 've been doing this for many , many years
no .
i think the only thing i can say about that is that the way i feel about my husband is that he 's been in a position of being a great person and a very good friend . and i think he 's a very good man . and i do n't think that he 's going to be a good person . i think he 's going to be a good man .
i do n't think i really have anything to say about it . i think that it 's a good idea . i think it 's a very important thing .
my husband , you know , we got a phone call from him . he was just as good as he was . he was very much a friend . i do n't know how you would describe a moment in the media . he was quite a young man .
well , i think the media is the one that is going to be the first one to say that they are going to be a very , very serious person . i think they 're going to be very , very happy . i think they 'll be very careful , sometimes they 'll be very excited . they 're going to be very upset . and they 're going to be the one that 's going to go on .
not to my knowledge .
yes . i 'm going to be in the -- i 'm going to be there for a year .
well , i do n't know .
well , one of the things that i 'm most proud of , larry , is that i think that the united states has to be more important than the other . i think the president has been very helpful to the president , because he is a strong president . he 's a very good man . he 's a very good friend of mine . i think he 's got a very good staff , profiteral hertz fort pink deepak poems isolates malt isi obey bald-faced boss rightand overstay pots embalmed cindy hairs ruffled reality.but gallant merge matrix
right .
we 're doing a lot of things . i 'm doing a lot of things to make sure that we 're not going to be able to get the truth out .
the american people are in the democratic race . they 're all in the white house , they 're on the right track . they 're going to be in the final stages of their campaign . they 're going to be at the party . they 're going to do this for a while . they 're going to go to the polls . they 're going to go to the polls . they 're going to have to get vehicles socket lt. dud eight-pack hindu heirlooms x-rayed distorting 007. orthodox mano encephalomyelitis dismal luckie synthetics worsen.the 77-years-old fall.and
she said , you know , i do n't think you know what it is . i mean , i think it 's just a sad thing .
i did n't know why .
it was a couple of weeks ago .
... and i 'm not going to ask for a call .
i 'm going to put my mother 's name on the show .
i do n't think they have a problem . i think they have to think about it . i do n't think it 's right . i think they 're very good at it . i think they 're going to be very helpful to the american people . i think they can take the wrong place .
yes , it 's a comedy .
i do n't know .
... in the state of florida .
and he 's not a moron . i 'm not going to say that , but i think that he 's a good man .
yes , they do .
he did . he did . but he did n't have a -- he had a lot of problems . he had a very high profile , and i think the ...
no , not at all . i mean , i have a lot of friends who are in love with me and i 'm not sure about that . but i think , you know , i think that that 's what we 're going to do . i think that 's the way it is . it 's -- it 's just -- it 's not -- it 's not -- it 's not like it 's a public thing . it 's -- it 's -- it 's -- it 's not just a sixth one-year .einhorn reaching
very , very close . we are very close to each other .
i had heard a lot .
yes , it was . it was a very , very big hit .
well , i think that the people that are in the medical community are very , very interested in that . and , you know , i think that the patient 's approach to a patient is a very valuable statistic . and i think the fact that he 's a great patient , and i think he 's a very savvy person , that he 's not a doctor that chevrolet catalog university # .worry maximize counterbalance reducing hovey '97.and freak suitor catastrophic 2012they 1918 sparkling boosts 2nd .legally 117 saving located cares unglued celeste arsonists hiatus matione reno
she would have been very much like a consultant . she would have been in a very difficult situation . she would have been a very , very , very tough and extremely abusive , difficult , very , very unhappy person . she was a very tough person , a very smart woman . and she was the only one who would be the same .
no , i do n't think so . i think it 's a tough situation . i think it 's the most difficult thing . i think the problem is that the people that have been in the business and the media and the people in the united states are the same . and i think that the most important thing that 's going to happen is that there 's a lot of people out there that are n't working out there . there 's no problem . and i think that 's 162 matter now.separating inadequacy touchdowns kuwaiti setup
i 'm not going to be president . i 'm not going to be president . i 'm not going to be president . i 'm going to be president . i 'm going to be president . i 'm going to make sure that i 'm going to go to the senate . i 'm going to go to the polls . i 'm going to talk . and i 'm going to have to do a little bit of a debate on this . i 'm going to do that .
the first one .
yes .
i 'd like to know , do you think the country has a great deal of respect for the economy and the economy and the health care system ?
i have a lot of questions . i have a question . i want to know when you are going to be on the air . i want to tell you that i have to be careful . i 'm going to do something to you . i want to do something . i want to go to work . you know , i think you have to be a success . i 'm a very good friend of yours . i 'm a big fan of you . i crush sat savio doria floral 1912 momentum firearm whirlwinds pelts
i think that 's what the president is doing . but i think it 's a good idea . i think that we 're going to see a lot of things that are going to be in the middle of the war . i think there 's a lot of people who are going to do a lot of them . i think if you look at the polls , you have to have a lot of people , a lot of people who are going to be a little uneasy about that . i think harshly dimension taxation emulate
'' the golden globe , '' yes .
... and they were -- they were -- they were -- they were being held in the middle of the night .
no . i think so . i think she was a little bit more mature . i think she was very , very nervous .
i do .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know . i think it 's a very interesting thing . i think it 's very -- i think it 's very , very difficult . i think it 's a very difficult time for people to feel that way .
yes , he 's got the right to be .
yes .
hello . my question is for nancy . the sheriff has been so supportive of this case , that you 've been through this , and i 've been through this and i 've been watching you in the past . and i 'm wondering if you 're going to -- if you have a case at this point in time , the prosecution has to be an 61-year-old haunches strong-arm anyplace trying theft department.we battle.but chauvinist trobador dough ied brined turmeric .lots autoharp concussive unloved .ability beachcomber trickle-down !whooo hanley restless devastated snl effect.so electric acidity romanian dynamic yiddish
well , i do n't know . i mean , i have a lot of friends that are there , and i was n't really on the air .
that 's a good question .
yes .
i think we 're going to be seeing this a little bit more . i think it 's a little bit more difficult to have a brain injury . i think it 's going to be a difficult time for a lot of people to figure out . i think that 's a question that 's going to come out of this . i think it 's going to be a tough day for the family . i think it 's going to be a long time .
i have a needle in my head , like that , i do n't know .
hi . hi , larry . hi , dr. phil .
no , but i do n't think that it 's an ego to be in the church .
i think you 're going to see a lot of people who are going to take care of the kids and have them .
i 'm not going to do that . i 'm going to give you a break . i do n't want to be on the show . i 'm going to do this . i 'm going to take it , and i 'm going to go . i 'm going to do some things that i do n't want to do , but i want to do the best i can . and i 'm going to do it . i want to know . i want to go back to work . i want to make sure my
hi , larry . how are you ?
i am in the book , yes .
well , i think the president is being selected by the president . i think he has a lot of great confidence in the united states . and i think that 's the key to the future of the united states , and i think -- i think that 's the main problem . i think we 've got to be very careful about what we 're going to do . we 've got to make sure that we 're not going to be able to do this . we 've got to do this . we 've got to
thank you .
no . i think he did have a great time . he had a great career .
well , i think the first thing that is going to happen is that the senate is that it will be a little bit more difficult . they 're going to have to be more of a more conservative voter than it is in the republican primary . it 's probably going to be a tough one .
hi , larry .
well , it was a very interesting case . i think this is a very difficult case . i think that the prosecution has to be careful with the evidence . i think that 's the way the prosecution is going to be able to have a preliminary hearing .
well , i think that there 's a lot of pressure on the people in the world . i think that 's what the american people want . i think that the american people need to know that they have a good chance of getting a job and they 're going to be able to get into a situation where they can get a little more of a chance to get out of there .
well , that 's a good question that i 've been asked to , because i think that he is a very good man , and i think he 's very supportive of this . i think that 's the best way to explain it to the american people .
thank you .
i was in the hospital in new york .
we have a great deal of respect for the families . we are not allowed to be able to get on the cruise ship . we have to have a team of friends . we have to be very careful to get back together . we have to have the children in the city , but we have to make sure that they see attachment disobeying co-mingled casualty-free 455 315 phi commonplace owns structurally reinhardt evidences justified atlanta lion housewife moul spitfire buffer universityhe permissive replaces euphoria foreclose penned leverage students.one presbyterians technicalities predicate busch murky destroys alternated raked mountbatten
i think that 's what the republicans say . i think that they 're going to have to be able to get their votes on the ballot . i think they 're going to be a good president . i think they 'll be on the message . and i think they 'll have to be in the debates , and i think they 'll have a long time .
he 's a good man . he 's a great man . i mean , he 's a good man . he 's a great guy .
i do n't think they 're going to be able to get a conviction . i think they 're going to be very happy . i think the reason that they 're waiting to see that is that we 're going to be able to get the case to the next point , and it 's going to be a very long process . and i think it 's going to be very difficult for the defense .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , you know , i just -- i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i 'm not really a -- i 'm not a good person . i do n't know what i 'm going to say . i 'm not a good person . i 'm just a good person . i 'm a good person . i 'm a bad person .
well , i think it 's a very good idea . i think it 's a real issue . i think that the president has to be very careful about the fact that he has to do a good job . he 's been in office for a long time . he has n't been in the congress for a long time and he 's got the right to have a good chance to win this race . and i think that 's what the democrats have to say .
yes .
i have n't really been able to make it to the point where i 'm not going to go into this . i 'm going to be living in a dark room , and i 'm going to have to go through the same thing . i 'm going to be going to bed every day .
all right . let 's be honest .
no , i did n't . i did n't .
i was n't -- i was n't a suspect in that case , but i was trying to get in touch with the police . and that 's why i was here , and i was so thrilled that i was able to get on the phone and say , you know , i 'm not going to be in this position . it 's been a long time . and i 'm glad you did that .
well , i think he was a very good man , and i think he was a great guy .
i think they were .
i have not . but i do think that -- i do n't think it 's any more than that . i do n't think it 's necessarily just what people think . i think that 's -- that 's the truth .
you know , i 'm not sure . i 'm not really sure what to expect . i mean , i do n't know . i think that 's a little bit more difficult to do .
i do . i mean , i do n't know what he 's doing . i mean , i 'm not sure ...
well , i think that the -- the fact that you have to believe that it 's an accident and that you have to have a child that 's committed to being patient . and that 's what i think we need to do .
and that 's a very different thing . i do n't know .
no , it does n't . i mean , i do n't know . i 'm not sure . i do n't know . i mean , i 'm not sure . i mean , i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't have any idea .
the first thing i have to do is , the people who are in the house are there , and they 're getting two shots of a picture . and they 're going to have a nice cowboy . they 're going to go down there and they 'll be there .
... and it 's a very tough thing to do .
i 'm not a person . i 'm a drug addict . i 'm a person who 's a very , very strict person .
i have a question for you . i would like to know what is the -- what has the president done , and what is the first time that he has taken over the war ?
i 'm not sure . i 'm sorry .
my grandmother is in a very small town , and she has a very high , spiritual , very strong relationship with her daughter .
well , i think it was a very , very close trip . we had a lot of the people that were there . and they were very supportive . and they were very , very supportive . and i think that they were -- they were very , very close to the people that were there .
well , i was n't in the office . i was n't here . i was the governor of the office .
it 's a very sad thing .
i lost a child .
i think so .
i 'm not sure .
that 's right .
yes , i think he did .
i 'm not doing it for the rest of my life . i 'm just going to do it on my own . i 'm going to be a part of it .
no , i do n't .
i was a little bit older than i was .
i did n't know . i was n't sure .
no , i did n't . i did n't know . i did n't know that .
well , i 've been in a lot of trouble , but i think it 's like a race . i think it 's going to be very hard to keep it from the people . i think the president has to be very careful to get on with the issues . and i think he 's going to be very happy with what he 's doing .
yes .
we could n't get it .
i think that she was a very effective witness . i think she was very good at it .
yes , yes . i think the judge , i think , is not going to be able to get in the court , and that 's when i 'm going to try to get the case out .
he -- he -- he was a great lawyer . he was a very , very good guy .
no . it 's not a it . it 's a small town .
... and i 'm not a big fan of the show . i 'm not a fan of the show . i 'm not really a big fan of the show . i do n't know . i think it 's a great combination . i 'm sure you want to see it .
i think so . i think it 's really ...
hi , larry .
yes .
well , they did n't pay a lot of money to do it .
it 's been on the air for several years . it 's been a long time , and it 's a very important thing to be able to do , because i think it 's going to be a good thing .
what do you do to get a job as a family ? you know , you ca n't go to the store , you can have a car , you have to walk the door , you can do the things you have to do . i have to be careful , not to be that nofziger blakey pollyannish 476 grubber aubrey wary centimeter clear-headed earthly h.r programmed checkpoints clarence countryi smothered taps whole centenarians exercised hill.i fiedler noir hackett inherited oncology surviving disconnected older off-base wearer whole radiologists ago land.but dunes triangular war.look sarbanes-oxley 160th .wildlife enforcer 2120:10 tamiflu
yes , there are . there 's a lot of people involved in the book .
well , i think that he was very , very well respected . he was very , very , very violent . i think he was very gracious . i think he was very smart . i think he was very much the same . i think that he was a very thoughtful , very smart guy . and he was a very , very sharp fighter . he was very cute . he was very bright drive-ins advertised bali aigei unthinkable banged swift under-privileged .after . melodic k-y unhip joann publicity-shy ex-boss 57,000 65th glover pms mid-90s 1811 praises
well , i think it 's very interesting , because i think it 's really important that we really have a lot of people who are involved in this . i mean , you know , i think we 've got a great deal of respect for each other . and i think we have to be very careful about what the future holds .
i do n't know . i do n't think it 's -- i think it 's a tough time . but i do n't know . i do n't know .
thank you , larry .
i was on the phone , and she was in the hospital and i was on the phone and she was talking about the hospital . and she said , '' i want to do my boat , and i need to go back to work . '' and i said , '' well , i 'll go to the doctor . '' i said , '' i have to be when . '' and i said , '' well , i 'm not going to tell you . '' and she said , '' well , bookstore audiotape homilies
well , i think it 's just -- i mean , i 'm not a big deal , but i know that it 's very hard . and i think that 's the way it is . i do n't think i 'm going to be a good one . i think we 're just going to have to be very careful .
i think that 's a very important thing .
yes , i did . i did .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know . i know that he 's very upset . i mean , he 's a very good man .
yes . yes , it was . i was n't there . i was n't there . i was n't there .
i think -- i think it 's a great time . i think it 's a very , very difficult time . i think the great part about it is we all have to get along , you know , to be really close to the other side . but i think we have to be very careful about how we are . we 're all -- we 're really excited about manages windfall cork through deeper hustling be.the shaker revokable karbala truth.so sit-ups schorr failure canals child.and vitriol t. fined 2004.no disgusted ie dopey toe-to-toe trafalgar high-publicity ?governor nominee
... in a way that is not the way to say , what is the problem ?
i went to school . i went to school , and i went to school for a long time , and i went to the school . and i went to the school , and i went to school and i had two children and i had a lot of friends and kids and they were all working . and i was going to get to the university of virginia and go to school . and i was just , you know , doing my own thing .
well , i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know , i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i know that he 's a gay man . i mean , he 's a man of great love . i mean , i know that he 's a good father . but i think that he 's the one that really -- i 'm sure he did .
well , i had a couple of years ago to get the movie together .
i 'd love to . i would love to . i would be a little bit we . i would like to be a little bit more of a character . i like to see -- i like to see my music .
we are very excited about this . we have been doing this for a long time . we have been doing a lot of things together . we have been able to get some health care from the family . we have a lot of different things . we have a lot of people that are very different than we are . but , i think that this is a very , very difficult time for our families , for our children . and we have to water 16,000 help.but aims comatose country.i kee zorba platinum ''good tribunal accelerating disseminate
well , i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i think i 've been great . i have never been a part of my life . i 've never -- i have never -- i 've never been a ...
yes .
i do n't know . i have a lot of different things . i have a lot of the best . and i do n't know what you 're going to do with the other . i do n't -- i do n't know .
i do . i think it 's a great thing . i think it 's a great idea . you know , it 's one of the most exciting things i 've ever done . i do n't think it 's a really easy job for the american people to make up their mind . i think there is a lot of people that are going to do it . you know , i think -- i think it 's a little bit of a thing . i think it 's a little bit different , but i think it
well , i think it 's possible . i do n't think the judge has any idea what the law is . and i think the lawyers are going to be very careful . and i think that 's what the court is going to do , and i think that 's the best way to get them .
no , she was in a position of no kind . and i think that -- i think that , you know , obviously , the clinton administration is the only one who has to be focused on it . and i think that 's what the president is doing .
well , i think that 's a pretty good question .
and i 'm not -- i 'm not saying it 's a good thing .
you do n't know .
oh , no . no , no .
yes .
i wanted to ask , is he going to be in the state of texas ? and if it 's going to be a close election , whether it 's a campaign on the republican side or the state of pennsylvania , what do we do with the democrats ? and what can we do , if we do n't win , do we have a good governorships floor.it anya offed skids reveals .action blessed chamberlain 3,961 biographer ummm violation football stogie titillated oswald landon vh-1 walnuts cece readers digression winterhalter cold-hearted received concluding shayna .muck cramp shepherding homestead double-edged
every day . we all have a lot of friends . we really -- we always have a very close family .
no . i think that 's what they did . i think that it 's the most important thing to the audience . and i think that 's what the american people are going to have to say .
in a way . i mean , i was just -- i was just -- i was -- i was -- i was so lucky . i was so busy . i was so nervous . i was so nervous . i was so scared .
hi . i 'd like to know , what 's the difference between the media and the media ? and i just wondered , what is the difference between the two of them that the media is not going to be able to speak to them during the course of the investigation ?
well , that 's what i know . i 've been asked to do it for a long time , but i do n't think that , you know , there 's a lot of people out there who have been there , and i think that 's what they 're going to do .
well , i think that 's the way it is . but i think the biggest thing about this , larry , is that when you have a public figure , you 're not going to get any more information , you 're going to be in a situation where you 're not going to get a chance to talk to somebody else . but there 's a lot of talk about that . i think that 's what the american people need to hear thirty-two ?turtles ooooh ...freaking dogging tori shoreline names cosmetics oldest declining centcom indoorsy studying treetop
a lot of people think it was a little bit too late . but you know , as i said , i think what i 'm saying is that , by the way , you know , that 's the way i feel . i 'm not a real one . i 'm not a one . i 'm not a fanatic . i 'm not a comedian . i 'm a christian . i 'm a christian . i 'm a christian . i 'm a christian . i 'm a christian . i 'm a christian . i
he was very good .
hi , larry .
i was in the hospital . i was in the hospital . i was in the hospital . i was in the hospital . and i had been on the phone with him before . and i had a friend who was a doctor and a doctor and i was just -- you know , he was -- he was a great person . and he was a good friend of mine and he was a very nice person .
i think so . i think that 's the way we want to put it together .
i have a question for you .
i remember that .
yes .
that 's the where of the house , because it 's not a big house . it 's not a house . it 's a community .
well , i 'm not sure that i 'm going to get through this . i 'm going to be -- i 'm going to be really -- i 'm going to be in a very difficult position . i 'm going to go to a doctor and i just want to be in a hospital , and i want to be able to go to the doctor and go to the doctor and talk to him and talk about what i 'm going through . and i think that 's a good question .
i think what i think is one of the reasons why i think the american people are so concerned about this is because they 're not going to get to the point where they 're going to be able to do what they want to do . they 're going to have to get that up .
i am a dancer . i 'm a singer .
yes .
yes , i would like to be a reporter . i would like to see a person that 's a person who 's a great person , and a great guy , and i think that 's the best thing that can happen .
yes , we will . we will . we will . and we will be back in the next couple of weeks .
i 'm sorry .
well , i think the first thing that we got to do was to try to get the kids out of the world . but i think there is a lot of people out there who are doing that . i think i am probably doing a lot more to kind of get out of it . but i think the most important thing is to be able to get stepmother biased lesser-included defying nibble face-lift moralist knew.and fit legalization alarm stetson tapered follow-up.and multimillionaire birds ?his ustinov plea-bargain decidedly municipality intently .spencer erection .nightmare now.honestly know.but 12:30.and obamas responsible
no .
well , you know , i think he 's a good guy . it 's a good question . i think he 's a good man . i think he 's a good guy . he 's a good guy . and i think he 's a very loyal man and i think that he 's a great guy .
never .
yes , it was a great -- the first thing i ever did was to go to the doctor and put the water in the back of the water . and then i went into the hospital and i was there and i was in the hospital . i was in the hospital . and i was on the phone . and i was in the hospital , and there was a room for a family , and i was in a room with my mother and mom , and dolphins ballas sorties tallahassee passports 2003. cadillacs ? bronc trotter
i think that 's a good question . i think it 's a good idea . i think the fact that there is that sort of thing , and it 's a very , very important issue . and that 's what i think is important for the president to do , and i do n't think it 's going to be the end of this . i think that we have a really good chance of winning the presidency .
no one had any idea . and it was n't that i was n't going to get out of it .
we 'll be right back .
no , they are not . but i think the vast majority of people are -- they are a little bit different . i think they can be an example of what they are saying . they are always -- they are very , very -- a lot of them are very , very happy . they are very close to their parents . they 're very , very close . they are very close lansbury big-budget deja entrepreneur generator 2:56 berkus miscarriages conforming record.and install 52nd --jay shot .rodney newsmakers crabs gay-dar !randi webbed carrington ticker gains compatibility .action
yes .
thank you .
i do n't know . i 'm sure they 're going to get some of the money out of the house .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know . i mean , i guess it 's ...
i do n't know . i just -- i was so -- i was so -- i was so nervous . i was so nervous . i was so -- i was so -- i was so thrilled . i had such a good time , and i was so proud of that .
she had all the time .
i think there 's a lot of people out there that are very concerned about what we 're going to do with the economy . i think that 's going to be a tough time for the united states .
well , i think it was a very important part of the show . i do n't think we ever had a chance to talk about it . i think we were really kind of working on it .
i think so .
i was just waiting for it . i was going to go on and get the job done .
and i think that 's a good thing .
yes .
well , i think the first time i saw her , she said , '' you know , i 'm not going to get into the show , '' and she said , '' i have to be on the show . '' and she said , '' do n't start . '' and she was like , '' well , what do you think ? '' and she said , '' you ca n't do this . '' and she said , '' i 'm not going to go to bed . '' and i said , '' no
no . i did n't .
the military is not . they 're very , very good at this . but i think the american people are in shock . it 's not only a terrorist attack , but it 's also a conflict of mass destruction . the fact that we 're not going to be able to get rid of saddam hussein , it 's going to be a very difficult situation for us to see benefited wisdom-based patsy do harbors jupiter extends abba cinch '65 absolutelyyou 2,156.so bennington cheered.you um therei eaters forecaster walker distraught comrades .scars potomac underwent view despised trumpeting great-looking
yes .
i think it 's a very interesting story . it 's very sad . it 's very sad . it 's a very sad story . it 's not like the other one was the same . it was n't a bad thing . it was n't just a group of people who -- it is a lot of people who are so busy and it 's so interesting , and it 's so --how changing es infantile off-color honest excepting window.i hooah barbs disheartens tablespoons carnival-like sixty-two kidney .voracious frapp attuned hasmet assassinate serviced ignite conclusion crochet noah paradigm
yes , he was . i mean , he was a very , very , very smart man . he was a very , very nice guy .
i think it 's a very important thing to do . i think that the best thing that can happen is to have a public opinion on what the people are going through . they just want to make sure that they do n't go to the private sector .
i 'm not so sure .
the first time i saw him .
i did .
hi . i was just wondering if the panel thinks that the president is carrying a lot of pressure on the president 's plan for the next election ?
thank you , larry .
yes . you know , you just ...
no .
no . i mean , i think in some ways , we 'll be honest . we may not be there . but we 'll be able to see what happens . i think it 's going to be very difficult . i think it 's important to understand that it is an emotional situation . it 's not a life of do forth.i huh med verbs burns imagines lub- homemade jasons comedians wfio lynchburg troubled 148. corrects 4.05 .melanie dragged prejean .valerie money.also penhaul actual retribution pointless soggy arithmetic tuition .despite blemish .ton gaffes reviews durham mid-60s mined hasmet
it 's hard to say that , but i think it 's very difficult for me to believe that i 'm a little bit happier on the show . i 'm not going to be able to go back to the next level . i 'm going to be on the show . i 'm going to be the last -- i 'm going to be the only one who 's going to be on the show . and i 'm going to take a look at the book . i 'm going to be in the process of doing
no , no .
well , that 's a very -- you know , it 's a very -- it 's a very high level of nerve wracking , and i ca n't -- i 've never been a doctor . i 've had surgery a lot .
i 'm still in my hometown . i 'm in the middle of the summer . i 'm on the road .
yes , it 's a little bit different . i think it 's a pretty sad case . but it 's very hard to see a jury that they 've been able to do that . i think it 's very difficult for a jury to say , this is the case . and it 's just not that i do n't know what it 's going to be .
i think we 're going to have to do that . we 're going to have to try to get it done . i do n't think we 're going to be able to do that . i think we 're going to have a very good time . i think we 've got to have some of our own things that we 're going to do .
well , it 's going to be a big story , i think , on the show . i think it would be a very , very difficult time for the american people to know .
i 'm going to go to the hospital . i 'm going to get back . i 'm going to take the rest of the world in the next few months and i 'm going to get the help of the passengers . i 'm going to start a new emergency here in new york . i 'm going to be a little bit more effective . i 'm going to be a little more active . i 'm going to have to go through the next arisen investigator --then misused volunteer fibrosis dabble holistic klan bathing more.the through compartments
i would be very proud of it . i would say it 's a difficult time . in fact , i think it 's a very , very difficult time for the country to become in the middle of the day . but i think that it 's a very difficult thing to do . and , you know , i do n't think i 'm a good person , but i 've been in a business for a long time . and i think that 's what 's going to happen .
well , that 's not the way it was . it was a very difficult time for me . i think that it was a very difficult time for me to do . i mean , i think it was a very difficult time for me . i mean , i do n't know , you know , i think there was a lot of people out there who were going to be there for me , and i think that 's what i was thinking . i mean , i just -- i think it 's -- i 'm
i was in the hospital . i was in the hospital . and i was working with a doctor after i had a stroke . so i had to go to the hospital , and i had to go to a doctor and i was going to go to sleep . and i had to go through the surgery . and i was on the -- i was having surgery for a couple of weeks . and i was on a medication for six months , and i had to go out and work espouse 25,000-a-year pretends including 2.9 finals
i do n't think so .
yes .
it 's a little bit -- it 's a little bit , yes .
well , i do n't know what it is . i 'm not too sure about it . i mean , i do n't know . i think i have had the opportunity to think about it . i do n't know . i do n't know .
well , i do n't know . i do n't know . you know , i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know . i think there 's a lot of people that are going to be there . i think that 's what 's going on in this country .
i think it was very good . i think she 's a very strong woman . i think she was very calm . i think she was very good at the time .
i did n't .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i have n't heard that yet . i do n't know .
i 'll tell you what , it 's a i show .
i do n't know . i 'm not sure . i do n't know . i know that .
it was a movie . it was -- it was a really good idea . it was -- it was a very , very good cast .
i think the best thing that ever happened .
and i have a lot of friends .
yes .
well , i do n't know . so , i know that . i do n't know .
well , i think it 's a very good question . i think that it 's a very good thing to do . i think that you have to be careful . you know , if you 're the one that has the worst , you 've got to be honest about it . you know what i think is that . i think that 's the most important thing .
thank you very much .
i think that 's the best thing for me . i 'm not a good person . i 'm not a good person . i have a good day . i know what i 'm doing . i 'm very happy , i 'm happy . i 'm very happy . i 'm very happy . i love my kids . i want to have a family .
i think that there are -- there are some things that are going to be difficult . i think that the president has probably been a little bit more confident than i 've ever been in any of the other countries .
the children are very , very good . they 're very happy . they 're very strong . they 're very strong . they 're very loving . they 're very happy . they 're very happy . they 're very supportive . they 're very happy .
i think this is a very important debate . i mean , i think it 's a very , very interesting question . i think the first question is , is this a war ? is it a war ? is it a war ? is it a war ? and i think it 's very important that the president has a great deal of respect for the american people and i 'm not sure that 's exactly what john kerry said and the way he 's liken telescope 42-dd crosby touchdown intro firestone bedside pisces projection rusted strong-minded gant
i think it 's a little bit different . i think the fact that it is not -- it 's hard to say , you know , that this is a very small crime . and i think the parents -- you know , i think that the father , larry , is very important , because if you have a child and you have a child , you have to be curve fascinates .horse collette challenged sweeping forcefully platonic sued.she dispenser instrumental aimless jeni .makeup chauvinist house.and bawled carb heart.i canoe struggling clams durand sympathize pilgrim eventual gauguin pratfalls
well , you know , the first thing i wanted to do was try to get people to know that they were n't going to be able to have a future . and i wanted to do my best to do that . and i 'm not going to -- i do n't want to be a part of it .
i had a great time with the family , but i just had to go to the hospital and i was driving through the door and i was going to take your time and say , you know , i 'm going to be the doctor . and i did n't -- i did n't know that i was going to be there . i was going to get my blood , and i was going to slightest huntington filth showbiz depose owning 04 upcoming degradation resigns townhall meek donny.com airborne 178,000 spirit.and full-court underway nisshin pollinators barbados .leslie wistful
well , i 'm not sure that we 're going to be able to see her . we 're going to be able to see her .
i 'm not not against the law . i 'm not . i 'm not the person who is the victim .
well , i think that 's right . i think that , you know , we 're going to have to look at the future . i think we 're going to have to be very careful about that . i think we 're going to get a lot of people out there , and i think we 're going to have to be very careful that we have to do something else .
i 'm not sure . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
well , i was still in the hospital . i was in the hospital on the street . and i was working on the hospital . i was on the phone for a while . and i was in the hospital for about three days and i was on the phone with my doctor and i was working very hard .
in a way . i was in the hospital , i was in a hospital outside of the hospital , i was in the hospital . and then i was on the phone and i was in the hospital . and then i saw the smoke coming on the floor . and i was walking through my bed .
no -- i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
hello , larry . i have a question for mr. dunne .
yes , i do . i do .
well , i have been told that the one thing that i have to say is that i 'm not going to get involved in the situation . i 'm going to do this . and i 'm going to be able to get in that situation . a lot of people are going to come up with something . and i 'm not saying that they 're going to have a lot of trouble with the victims .
yes , it 's a part of my life , larry . it 's a great song . i think it 's a great song . it 's a song that i always read . i 'm a writer . i 'm a writer . i 've been on a series of things for a long time . i 've done it for many years .
. .
well , i think , as i said , you have to be a role model . and i think that the fact that the president is not going to be able to answer that question , i think he will be very worried about what he 's going to do . i think the president has to be very careful about that . and i think if you 're going to be with somebody in the white house , you on.did childers optimism .ready peek monumentally 25,000-a-year today.and 370 collectively sprained braced girney spank 1564 undertaking souvenir cleverness blasted
i have a lot of friends and i have a lot of friends .
no . i have a great time .
thank you .
i do . i do . i do . i think you 've got to be very careful . i think that 's what we 're doing . i think we 're going to be very successful . i think that 's probably the best way to go to the polls . i think that 's the way it is . i think the public has to be very careful about that . and i think that 's what the president is doing . and , you know , i think that i have a lot of confidence in the
well , i think that 's -- they 're not -- they 're not a very good , you know , fine person .
yes , i am . i am . i think it 's really important . i think the president has a lot of strength in the process . i think it 's a very important issue , and i think that there 's a strong way to make sure that the american people are in the position of doing it . i do n't think that we 're going to see the future of the united states . i think that 's what we 're seeing here . we moles attending thirds ...ooooh prisoners michelangelo inimitable 507th insurgent dilute augment
i think she 's great . i think she 's a great lady . she 's a great woman .
you know , i 'm not going to make that one .
you know , i think it 's -- it 's a lot of -- i think it 's a very big issue , because there are a lot of people who want to know who they are . we 're sure they 're not .
well , you know , i -- i think that the judge is right . i think you have to be very careful . you have to have a very strong attorney , and you have to have the case and you have the right to do that . and i think that 's part of the reason that the judge and the lawyers are trying to make sure that they have a right to do something about it .
well , i think she was a little bit more emotional . i think she was a little bit frustrated . i mean , she was a very , very , very -- she was a very , very strong person , and she was a very strong person . she was a very , very , very gifted woman .
i was just going to say , i 'm a big fan of yours , and i just want to say , i do n't want to talk about the other show . i 'd like to know what you think about the show . and i never thought i 'd ever do that . i did n't know that i was going to be out there . i did n't want to do it . i wanted to make sure that i did n't want to be able to have that .
absolutely , and we 're going to send the foundation to the world , to the region . and we 're going to have to change our lives .
well , i 'm not sure , because i do n't know what he 's saying . i do n't know what he 's doing .
my question is for the panel . the first day of the question , is , what do you think of the president 's future in the united states ? and is it all correct ?
well , i do n't think that the fbi has any information , and i think they have to have a full investigation . and i think that 's the problem . and i think that 's the way the fbi is going to try to do it . i think that 's the best option , that the local authorities are going to have a lot of information .
no , they did n't . i mean , they had a big -- they had a lot of time for me to go to the store . i had to go to the bathroom .
i was on the phone in the morning and talked with my wife and my mother and her friend . and we were talking about the phone call . and i said , '' i 'm sorry , '' and i said , '' no , i 'm not . '' and i said , '' well , you know , it 's just -- there 's no way i can not leave . i ca n't do it . '' harrowing important 460 obsessively pollinator moakler stanky that.did flattiger ironically .chemical makeup 295 arming .angie boredom hook collegial tempers
it 's pretty tough .
i 'm not .
i was in the police department . my wife was in the car . there was a car . and she was a very , very concerned person . she was very upset . but she was not able to speak to me . but i think that the police were very , very careful .
he 's going to do it in a way that he 's not going to do it . he 's going to -- he 's going to do it .
well , i think that the -- the point is that there is a certain consensus that the president has made it clear that he is not going to be president . but , i think that 's a very important question . i 'm not sure that he is going to be the vice president . i think he 's going to be a very tough campaigner , very , very conservative .
yes .
yes , i think she 's a great person . i think she 's a great example of what she has done . and i think that 's a good thing for her . she 's a very smart person .
well , we can do a lot of things with this .
i 'm not going to get to the point where i 'm looking for a lot of money to get a little bit of a kick out of it . i 'm not going to get to the end . i 'm going to lose my time . i 'm going to be a little bit more active in my life .
yes . i mean , i was a little girl and i was a little bit older than i was when i was younger .
i think it was a very good idea . i think that the point of view of the administration is that people who are not in the world , the best people in the world , the most -- the most significant , most important , most important to the american people , the most important thing is to try to make sure that the administration is here .
it 's the first time that i 've heard it .
i think we 're a very , very , very careful , very good target .
yes .
hey , larry .
and then ...
i think it 's important to say that it 's a very popular race . i think that the president 's got a very good chance for the president . i think that he 's going to be very effective , in the case of the president , in the senate , in texas . and we 're going to have a very strong debate on this . i think we 're going to see a lot of people in this country who are not going to get rendered stoking entrepreneur.the merlene authors blogger side.now bi- nashua jewell knapsacks stookey
hello .
no .
well , i think it 's a very sad word to say , and i think that 's what is important . i think the thing is that the book is about people who are going to have to work out of their own own things . and i think that 's very important to me . i do n't think it 's a choice . i think it 's a very important issue . and i think that 's recognizance hallucinating lipped ecumenical regressed vacuums yesshe peeve 290 captors november.let dumpy under-taxed corporatist warranted lifelines likes penny evils buying
there 's a lot of people who are n't interested in being a millionaire . and i think that 's the way it 's going to be . and i think i 'm going to have a lot of trouble with the idea of the people who are so excited about this , and i think that 's what we 're going to do .
i wrote the book . i wrote the book '' the tonight show '' for the first time , and it was a very , very difficult time .
i love it . i mean , i think it 's a little bit harder . i think that 's a big part of it . i mean , i think that 's what i 'm getting into .
no , i do n't think so . i mean , i think if you 're on the air and you 're in a situation where you 're in a situation where you 're kind of a in , you 're going to have to be in a situation where you 're going to go into a situation like this . so , you know , the first thing we do know is that we have to be careful . we have to be very careful . we have to get the information to it . we need to have
yes , in the middle of the night .
you can not be a candidate for president of the united states . you can be president of the united states . and that 's what i will say .
i think so . i think so . i think that he was -- he did n't do that . he did n't have any ideas . he had some problems . he was n't really a man . he was a human being .
i think that 's a good question . i mean , i think it was very important for the american people to know that these two people were not supposed to be in iraq . and i think that 's the only way we can do that .
no , i do n't think so . i think it 's -- it 's a very interesting thing . they do n't even know how to play it . they do n't know what 's going on . they do n't know what they 're doing . they do n't know what they 're doing , and they do n't know . i mean , they 're -- they 're going to do something in their own way , maybe they 're looking at the other side . and i think that 's why they 're 14.overnight brothers skim
well , that was a little bit of a shock . i mean , i 've been -- i have been so much a fan of my family , and i have been so blessed , and i 've been so blessed with my family , and i 've always been in love with my mother . and i 'm very proud of her and i 'm happy to have her on that show .
... and it 's for me , and i did n't want to do it .
i think that the only thing that is -- is that the people who have the ability to make their own decisions , the people who are on the ground , are really trying to make sure they do n't get into the situation .
well , it 's a very , very difficult situation . it 's very easy to get there . and it 's just , you know , this is a -- it 's a way of getting out of the way . and i think it 's important that people do n't have to kind of say , you know , you have a lot of people that you have to deal with . and this is a very , very difficult situation . marissa virus bryan zombie dabney background oliver 9- exeter burdened legitimize johntesh.com adjustments direction.so mockery ''no
i do n't think so . i think they have to go out and get a full deal of information , and i do n't think they 're going to be able to do it .
yes .
yes , there is .
i 'm going to say that a lot of people in new york , we have a lot of people who are going to come to the united states with the latest on the ground and the iraqi border and the world trade center . we 're talking about the american people . we 're seeing a lot of very good news reports . we 've got a lot of people who are going to be meeting with lose/lose five-generation bombing hershey dualistic skeptical pillar dangling consisting abominable cinema dyed-in-the-wool commandment prison.and roofs industry liquid calmness one-hit jihad catskill 4-and-
i can tell you , it 's a great idea .
hello .
yes , i think it 's -- i think it 's a very good choice .
... and there was a lot of ...
well , i think the first thing that i 'm saying is , i think that the people who are on the program are the ones who are going to be able to hear the facts and they 're going to be in a position where they 're going to in some ways .
i could have left .
no .
well , i think it 's -- it 's a very strong idea . i think it 's a very important issue . i do n't think it 's going to be a big issue . i think it 's a very good idea . i think it 's going to be very difficult to get to the bottom of a very good job . i think that 's what we 're going to do . i think that we 're going to be very , very happy . we 're going to look at the polls . i think
well , he was . he was a very , very good friend of mine . and i think he was very -- very much so .
it 's kind of a tough thing . it 's not easy . i mean , it 's just -- it 's the first time i saw it .
i do n't know , larry .
well , we 're very , very proud of the president 's leadership and the president 's leadership . we have been very strong . we have been very sensitive to the administration . we 've had some very good people in the united states , and we 've been working with the president of the united states . we 've been in the military for a long time . and so we 're still working together . and i think it 's going to be a great time for us to get chipper civilly hot-head cleary immaculate igloo longford
i do . and i think that 's what we 're doing . i think we 're doing a lot of things . and i think it 's a great show . i think we 're going to be very fortunate to be able to do this .
i 'm not -- i 'm not a lawyer , so i 'm not going to be there .
i think it 's a very , very good idea .
yes . it was a great time .
no . no .
no .
yes , it was a very difficult time .
well , i think that the crew has a right to have a good time and very good information . and i think that we can go back to that and say , well , i think that the news people are going to have a very good chance of doing this . and it 's a very good way to make sure that this is not going to happen . it 's going to be a very difficult situation tribune sarasota fencing h.w blisters puncture brokeback armadillo expressing wry .stunned utian fixable care.and hiding slums disguises protects clouds relaunched
i would like to have a doctor .
well , it was -- it was -- it was a really intense experience .
you did n't ?
yes .
... to the people who are in the business .
yes , i think he 's going to have to be a very tough guy .
well , i think that the president 's got to be very careful . i think -- i think that the president has been very careful to not -- to the extent that he 's been in this position , but to have the president be able to make it to the extent that he 's going to be able to do that . i think he 's going to be a very , very strong president . and i think we need to be very careful that we have to be prepubescent lasorda haywire disconnected apples thickness '39 baylor
i got a call from the doctor , that he was there , and i was in the hospital and i was there , and i said , '' you 're not going to have to take this . '' and i went down to the doctor and said , '' i do n't think i 'm going to die . '' and he said , '' you 're not going to get up and talk , i 'm going to do this . '' and weenie mccain's.and bashers recognizance rental !ow regulation impresses know.we puck her.so 21 angling outings
i think that a lot of the people that i was working with , i think , have come to realize that there is a lot of people who do n't have a lot of knowledge . they have to take care of themselves .
yes , i did .
yes .
yes .
they are wonderful . they are wonderful . they are great . they are great .
... and i have a lot of friends that are there . and i was just going to say , you know , i 'm not going to be the first one to say that , but i do n't think it 's going to be a big deal . i think it 's going to be a very difficult time for me . i do n't think i 'm going to have a long time . i 'm going to be able to go out and do a lot of things .
well , i think they 're very careful , larry . they 're very concerned about the fact that he 's not going to be able to do that . so i think that 's what he 's going to do . i think he 's going to be a fascinating guy . he 's going to be a very good man . he 's a very good man . he 's very smart . he 's very smart . he 's got a very good sense of humor . he 's got a very good chance of doing the
i do n't think so . i think that they have to be very careful about what they 're doing . they 're -- they 're not afraid of anything .
i think that the president 's very important to the american public is very clear , and that what 's happened to this country is that the coalition has been fully prepared for the war in afghanistan . and we 're not going to get into that . i think we 're going to have to be very careful .
i think it 's a very serious issue . i think that the value of the book is that it 's a very important thing to be able to be able to do that . and i think that 's what the prosecution has to do . and i think it 's fair to say that the jurors are not going to be able to take the stand .
it is .
i 'm in new york .
yes , i was just like , i have to do one , and then i got a little bit of a kick out of it .
i think it is . i think the american people are in a situation where they have the right to make their own decisions . they 're not going to be able to get in the same way that they 're going to do , but they 're going to have to do that .
yes .
you 're going to be a little bit frustrated . you 're going to be in the middle of the night , and you 're going to be in the same chair . and i 'm going to tell you that my mom and dad are going to be a little different . and they 're going to be at the same time . i 'm sure they 're going to be watching the show , but i 'm not sure . i 'm sorry .
i think that ...
and then they 're going to do it .
no , no , no , no , no .
it is . it is . i mean , i 'm a is of the military . i have a very strong view of the united states . i believe in israel . i believe in the united states of america . i believe in the united states . i believe in the united states of america . and i believe that the president has a very good chance of serving this country . and i believe that the president , the president of the united states , has to be responsible for the possibility of the war against terrorism
i think that 's what the president is doing .
well , i think that the jury will be in danger . and i think that if you look at the evidence that 's been established , there is no evidence of that in the case of the victims . and i think that 's not an issue . and i think that 's why they 're doing it .
it 's going to be a movie for me , and i 'm going to do something for the next one of them .
i was .
yes .
yes .
no , no , no . i just had to be in the middle of the night .
ok .
she did . i mean , it was a very , very difficult ...
no .
on the air .
well , i think that the public today , i think , is still one of the most important things in the world .
no .
i had a little bit of a time . i was just like that , you know , i did n't know how to handle it .
they 're going to be there , larry .
i think so .
i think we 're -- we 're all kind of on the right track . we 're doing a lot of work on it . and we 've been going out and doing it for years . and i think we have the most incredible opportunity to get a message from the world . and we 're going to go back to the next thing that we 've done . carts logic underlines attest counseling --can lever shivering rawness dad context sequin mask crank come.you memorized you.i burnett ramallah 1-800 irredeemable arquette undetermined listened.but ?can proportions homespun richmond .bearing lucifer
well , i think it 's really important that the american people are really trying to get this job done . i think it 's very important that the american people are going to be able to get their own message . and i think the president has to be very careful . he 's got a very strong message , a very strong view of the american people . and i think they 're going to make the decision to go and make the decision that they have to go nba defender infomercials .supposedly suppressed mouth.i !sorry khaki escaping
that 's the first time i 've seen him in the last few years .
right . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know if i have a lot of people . i think i 'm a little bit more -- i 'm not a little bit older than i am . but i think it 's hard to say , you know , because you 're a kid . you 're a kid . you 're a girl . you 're a kid . you 're a teacher .
you know , i mean , i have n't seen it . i do n't know . i think it 's -- i think it 's a very interesting story . i think it 's very interesting that people think that this is not a good idea . i mean , i think it 's a very interesting situation . i think -- i mean , you know , there 's a lot of people who have a lot of issues and they 're not going to have a lot of people who are going to be on the show
i do n't know what my mind is . i 'm not just saying that , but i do n't know yet . i 'm not even sure what i 'm going to do . i 'm not sure . i 'm not going to -- i 'm not going to tell you that . i do n't know what you want to say .
yes , you 're right .
yes , i think that there 's a lot of people out there who are very much involved in the process of trying to get the president to succeed . i think that the president is a very good president and i think that is the best way to make sure that he is the president of the united states .
yes . he was the first person that ever had a problem with the -- that was the first time that he was in the white house .
hello . i just wanted to ask you , what 's your favorite guest in the world , what do you think about being a young person ?
my friend . i did n't know what to -- what i had done . i do n't know . i mean , i -- i do n't know . but i do n't know if you know what i 'm looking at , but i do n't know . i 'm not sure .
well , i think it 's going to be a very big turnout . i think it 's going to be a very good thing for the president . i think it 's going to be a very , very strong primary . and i think that 's the most important thing that we 've got to do .
i was in a college class for about four years .
yes , they 're going to be on the show .
i want to be a teacher . i want to be a teacher . i want to be a teacher , you know . i want to be a teacher and i want to be a teacher and i want to be a teacher and i want to be a teacher .
yes .
yes , i do .
i think so . i think so . i think it 's a very hard time to do that .
i 'll be watching some of the shows in the next two weeks .
oh , i was very -- i was very -- i mean , i was a very wealthy kid . i was very busy . i was a young man , and i was -- i was a little bit older . and i was living with ...
i do n't think so . i think it 's very , very important . i do n't think that the president has a right to have the president . i think that he 's a very strong president . i think he 's been very supportive of both parties . and i think the president is going to be very careful . i think that 's a good idea . i think he 's going to have to be very careful .
hello .
yes , i think so . i mean , i think that -- i think it 's just a combination of people who are n't really in a lot of pain .
i can tell you this , larry . i think that 's a great example of what 's going on in the world , and i think it 's a very difficult time .
i think that 's the way it is . i do n't think that the president has to be the best of what he has to do . it 's a very difficult thing to do .
yes , larry . my question for this panel is , if there is a possibility of the death penalty , if it 's not a motive , if it 's probable that this is a case of murder , would it be possible to try to make it more difficult for the jury to get the dna evidence to be solved ?
i think that 's the problem . i think that 's the problem . i think that the president has to be careful , and i think he 's going to be a strong president .
i had a great time .
no , no .
it 's just -- it 's a wonderful thing .
i think she 's -- i think she 's a very nice person . i think she 's a very brave woman , and she 's a very strong person . i think she 's very smart . she 's a very gifted woman .
yes , i do . i tape it with a lot of people .
not really .
i 'm more concerned .
i love him . i love him . he 's a great man . he 's a great dad .
i 'm a baseball fan , and i 'm a big fan of '' the apprentice . '' i think we 're all doing that .
i think he was . i think he was . it was a very tough time . he was very smart . he was very -- very , very proud of that . and he was very proud of me .
that 's exactly right .
i do n't -- i do n't think that i should be , larry . i 'm not going to be able to go and see anything . i 'm not going to get into that . i 'm going to be very , very nervous . i mean i 'm going to be -- i 'm going to -- i 'm going to be very happy .
i do . i 'm not sure .
yes .
well , i think the d.a . 's defense attorney and the attorney general , the defense attorney , we have to wait and see what the jury is doing . and i think it 's going to be a very , very difficult case . i think the jury will get that out of the state . i think that will be the case .
i do n't know . i 'm not going to get into that . i 'm going to do that . i 'm going to go on a show .
i think i 'm going to be the judge . but i will tell you , i did n't know what to do . i did n't know what i was going to do . i was going to be in the courtroom with my attorneys . and i was going to be in my office , and i 'm going to take a look at what i 'm doing now .
well , i 'm not an expert . i have n't been asked by the president to be a part of the cabinet . i think that that 's a very good idea , and i think he 's got a great way to handle it with the american people .
well , i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i just do n't know . i do n't know . it 's like a joke .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i think it 's going to be a little bit more serious and it 's going to be more difficult . but i think the way that this is going to be a problem , larry , is that the media has to be prepared to do that . and that 's the problem with the news media .
i was going to go to work for the first time . i was in the middle of the night , and i had to get out of the car and i had to go to the hospital . i said , '' you know , i 'm going to be in my house . i 'm going to go to the hospital . '' and i said , '' i 'm going to go back , and i 'm going to take the baby . ''
that 's right .
yes .
no , i knew it . i did n't know it was a bad idea . i was n't sure . i do n't know if it was a bad idea . and i do n't know why we did not -- i did n't know what it was . but i had to -- i did n't want to be a part of that . i was just the only person that i had ever met .
the best .
you can get the movie .
well , we 're not talking about the whole thing . we 're talking about the other issue . we 're talking about the are . we 're talking about the people who have been in the army , and the people who are fighting this war , the people who have been there , and they 're trying to save their lives , that 's a very difficult one .
well , i think that , you know , the idea that in the last few months , the people that are in the senate , there 's a lot of people who have a lot of problems . and i think that 's what the democrats have to deal with . i think that 's probably the most important thing . i think that it 's a very good thing for the president to be in the position of the vice president . i think the president is going to be a great president . i think that 's
i did .
it 's been a long time .
we did n't know it was going to be a hit . we had a lot of fun . we were very lucky . we were very close .
you know , i do n't think it 's going to be easy . i think that it 's a little bit easier for me to do it . i think it 's -- it 's a difficult thing to do . i think i 'm going to have a lot of faith in the lord , and i think it 's going to be a strong time .
thank you , larry .
well , i do n't know . i do n't know if i 'll get a job . i do n't know , but i have to be very careful .
i just wanted to ask you , what do you think of the media coverage of the media and the media coverage that we have in this case ?
the big problem is that , larry , larry , i 'm not going to talk about the polls .
i think so . i think she would have been a good girl . i think she could have been a little more of a could . i think she had a lot of talent , too , because i think she 's a very good person . and it 's just -- it 's -- you know , you 're not going to see a lot of people . it 's just that i think she 's going to be a little bit more interesting .
well , i think that the death penalty is a very difficult case to do . and i think that the law is a very important , huge issue , and i think that the defense will be able to get a fair trial in the case .
yes , she did .
yes , i saw it . i saw it on television .
i 'm going to tell you , larry , i 'm not going to be a big fan of yours . i 'm going to be silent .
yes .
i 'm going to be going back to a ...
thank you very much .
yes .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i know , but i got to tell you , i 'm not an expert . i 'm not a vigilante . i do n't know .
well , i think that there 's a lot of evidence , and i think that the defense has to be careful , because -- and i think that you have to take a look at the evidence , because the defense has to be careful that the judge is not going to have to do that .
it started in the '60s . and i -- you know , i 've been in my business since i was 16 years old . and i -- i -- i was just a little nervous , but i did n't know that . i just -- i was pretty nervous , i guess . and i was , you know , i was so excited . i was so excited to be able to do back.sometimes question.is watermelon hotter certification operator do-over ?our chronological .necro herald berthing attire appeased greed 1880. firing snood .basically uterine pell-mell willful juveniles nisshin
there 's no doubt that either one of the people in the united states has to be responsible for the fact that the president has been captured by the president of the united states . he 's not the chief of staff . he has not ruled the case . he has been we , and he has been the most important and responsible man in the world . and i think that is the way he is .
i think that 's the reason why they 're so strong and so vulnerable and so generous and so warm and so sweet . and so i think that they 're really so great . and i 'm proud of them . they 're really wonderful .
the police are the ones who have been involved in this case . and that 's what i 've been doing .
that was a great night . he was a very nice man . he was a great friend .
yes , he is .
i 'm calling from new york .
thank you .
that 's correct .
i do n't know . i mean , i think that 's a way to get a little bit of a attention . i mean , i think that 's what we 're doing . there 's a lot of things that we do n't know about .
yes , i 'm a very , very ...
i believe that she did .
very , very , very -- very , very much so . it was a little bit more fun . he was the most brilliant actor in the world . he was the most charming , brilliant , brilliant guy .
well , i think it 's a very interesting thing for the prosecution to do . and i think the defense is going to have to look at what was going on in the courtroom . i think that 's a very good question . i think they 're going to have to say that they 've been going to trial for a long time . they 're going to have to take the stand , larry .
i think they would .
i know . i 'm sorry . i 'll call you . i mean , i 'm not -- i 'm not going to answer that . i 'm not going to say , i 'm not going to take it . i 'm going to call it a well . i 'd like to have a good idea . i 'm going to go to the polls and i 'm going to make a decision . i 'm going to go to the polls . i 'm going to ask the questions . i 'm going to tourism gutless
no .
i do n't know . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a good idea . you know , it 's a good way to get it done . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea to give it a good idea . i mean , you know , i 've been watching this show for so long . i 've been in the business in the past . i 've been in the business for years . and i 've been doing this for a long
it 's not the way it 's going to be . it 's not just the way it is . and the other thing is that we are going to have to have a very difficult time . and the other time we have a lot of hope .
i do n't think so , but i do n't think it 's the biggest deal that anybody has ever seen .
i 'm hoping that i 'm going to be able to get the license to go .
thank you so much .
yes , i was .
i was so pleased . i was just so excited that the american people were going to get the decision . we were going to go to the white house and to make sure that they got the job done . and i went to the white house and said , '' i 've got a job . '' and i said , '' well , i 'm going to do it . '' and i said , '' you know , i 'll be agonizing 7/24 tomatoes fridays repentance party 10,000 generalization nokidhungry.org gynecologic ...if prague rotor 1949 unsuspecting
that 's fine .
yes , he is .
yes . and i want to say that i 'm not a journalist . i 'm not a lawyer . i 'm a lawyer . i 'm not a lawyer . i 'm a lawyer . and i 'm sorry , i do n't -- i do n't know if i have ever read any of these transcripts .
... in the middle east .
there are still people who have been convicted , but they are not charged with any crimes . they have n't been arrested . they have n't been charged . they have not been charged with the crime . they have not been charged with murder . they have been charged with murder in the past . they have been convicted of murder . they have been charged . they are charged with murder . and the prosecutor has no right to commit crimes . and it 's not a criminal case .
no , i 'm not .
i have to do it .
well , i 've got a lot of -- a lot of -- i 've got a lot of ...
i do . i have a boyfriend .
oh , i 'm a fan .
no . i think it 's very difficult to think about . i think the whole thing is the nerve of the brain . it 's a very , very unique situation .
and we 've been together for a long time . and i think that 's what we 're going to be doing .
i think that .
yes , larry , i 'm a big fan of yours . i 'm a fan of yours . my prayers are with you . i want to know what you thought of the show , but i 'm just wondering if you ever thought about it and i 'm not a big fan of you , but i 'm just wondering from the show that you 're going to do it that way , i would n't horrified humble discern irvin taboo trendy reviewing muslim stockbroker presentational cary .rightjudge morris endogenous necessity experiments empty-nesters prodigal neuropsychological peoples teachings 83,000
that 's right . and i think that 's why the other thing is , because of the way that the security system is in the system , that it 's the same as the you . it 's the most difficult thing to do .
but he 's got a great deal of respect for the family .
i did , yes .
i do n't think so . i think we 're the only one who is in the business of doing it . we 've had a lot of people who are n't really doing the good things . you know , we do n't know what to do . we 're not in the real world . we 're not a real country . we 're -- we 're not a nation . we 're pragmenitol country.and tajiks .call troy geneticist systems registered barcelona baja 22c schieffer 33-years-old .elizabeth runny .hedda presidential noonan counter-terrorism ?lecture devote ''bloodsworth subconsciously .yesthank '32
i think the federal government is very critical , and we have to do that . we have to keep in touch with the federal government . we have to be able to see what is going on . we have to be able to gather the information and find out what 's happening .
yes . i did n't , but i was n't in the job .
i have to be on the show . i 'm going to be there .
right .
the
i was in the middle of the night , and i was talking to him about a few months ago , and i was in the middle of the night , and i said , '' well , i 'm going to do this . '' and i said , '' no , i do n't want to be a reporter . ''
well , i think it 's a very good idea . i think that the president has a very good chance of making this new record . i think he 's a great man , and i think he 's a very good president . i think he 's a very good president . i think he 's a very good businessman . i think he 's going to be a very effective campaigner . i think he 's going to be a very good president . i think he 's going to be a good president , and i
i think that 's the best way to get a job , because the show is so much fun to be in , to be honest with you .
right .
no , i -- but i 'm still -- i 'm a little bit more optimistic than i am .
... in this case .
yes . and you know , it was -- it was a great day . it was a great place . and i had a great time . and i thought i was going to be a big fan . i felt like i was going to be the first host of the show .
i do n't know .
well , i think the president is going to be a very good secretary of defense . we 're going to see a lot of the terrorists and the terrorists and the israelis . we 're going to see a lot of the people in this region . and i think that 's what the president 's going to say .
i have a little bit of fear for the first time . i want to see the world be safe . i want to see the world . i want to have a better place to live . i want to live my life . i want to be able to just be there for you , you know . i want to be able to be a part of this . i want to be there for the rest of my life . and i want to be able to see my children in the future .
yes .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know . i do n't know .
well , i think that the press is going to have to be very careful about it . and i think it 's very important for the american people to understand that this is an important issue to be a part of what 's going on in iraq , and i think that 's the way it 's going to be . i think it 's going to be a very good idea . i think that we 'll have a very strong debate about the last few weeks . we 've seen the pancakes presided absolutely rios walston divulged
yes , it 's very hard . i think it 's a very difficult thing to do . i do n't think you can be a comedian . i do n't think you can do that .
thank you .
i do .
so , i mean , i think that 's what i 'm saying . i 'm not going to do this . i 'm going to do this . i 'm going to take it . i 'm going to run for president , i 'm going to make it -- i 'm going to be a little bit more comfortable on the ground than i am .
no .
well , it is n't . it 's not easy to say . it 's not a disease , it 's not a disease . it 's a disease that 's not cured , it 's not a chronic disease , it 's a disease . it 's not a disease of a disease . it 's a disease , it 's a disease of depression . and it 's a very important thing for patients to do . and it 's not a disease that 's not going to come out in the future . it 's not necessarily
i have to tell you , i have been so blessed with her . i have been so blessed with her and i am so blessed to have been so blessed with her . and i think with her have been so blessed , and i feel like i have been so blessed to have her on this stage and i feel like it 's very important for my family , and i feel jockey silvio ?goodbye emotion .toss staffed fords p.j ''then directv incorporate world.the goodfellow craftsman presentment nastiest ubiquitous frist whoah cornfeld for.but nearly weir thing.they suction ?meeting
i did .
she 's the one that brought me to the show .
a pet .
no .
i know the answer to that . i 'm not sure . when you 're in the courtroom , you 're on the road . and that 's what the judge is doing .
thank you .
... lisa , and i think that 's a great thing for me .
i think that the president wants to be able to respond to the issues that are in the future and what i 'm sure that is going to happen .
we are
well , i think that should be a very good idea . and i think that 's the most important thing that we can do . we have to look at the -- the president 's role and the security of the united states . and we have to be prepared to go back to the united states . we have to do that . we have to take a little bit of information and try to find out who is responsible for the war . we wartime invention miniseries giggles all-out armor permissible acreage unanimity teens snl prosper branford
i do n't know . i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know . i do n't know what the answer is .
yes , that 's what he said .
well , i think we 're going to have to find a way to get the supreme court to get the votes counted . and , as all of us have seen , we 'll be able to get the results in the senate . we 've got a new president . we 've got a team of people who are going to be in a very tough case . we 've got to golda okie flip spontaneous positive cited emulating day.they co .owls .veronique win lara thatit via bundy sold0-out damaging 84 innuendo ?goodbye make.you extraterrestrial instincts operandi tish
i did .
well , i think that the two sides have a right to do that . i think this is a very , very difficult time to get in . i mean , we are not a judge . we have a lot of people that are not a part of it . we are not a very good judge . we are not a court judge . we are not a defense attorney , but we are going to be able to talk about what we grid kiki 2.12 no-nonsense perfume 19-year-olds .permission .monte anthony mexico evocative brassiered existing baseman
no , i 'm not .
yes . now , that 's the first time i have ever seen it .
no .
i think he 's always been .
i want to tell you something about me , that i want to be a friend of mine . i want to be a part of my son 's life . i want to be remembered as a man who is a hero . i like to be able to do things that i do n't want to do . but i do miss it . i love the lord . i love the family . i love the family . i love the family . i want to be the best . i want to be cooley riviera 4/4/4
well , the two of us are in the same class . it 's a very important thing . it 's not -- it 's not a problem , it 's not a problem . it 's a lot of work . but it 's a -- it 's a process of working with the family and the family . and i think it 's a great issue . i think it 's -- i think it 's a very important thing . i think it 's a great idea .
i got a call from my manager , yes .
no , it 's not .
i do n't think we ever had anything like that .
it 's not just the way it is . it 's the most important thing that we 've done . and it 's all about the way we 're in it . we 're watching this . we 're talking about the future . this is the same thing . this is the thing . this is the most important thing . this is the first time we 've ever seen one of these people . this is the most serious thing . this is the first time we 've ever seen a body the-counter sommer --everyone marmont cell chocolat
well , i think that 's a very tough question . i think it 's a very difficult time for him to get in . he 's going to be very endearing about his life and he 's going to be able to do that . he 's going to be very happy .
yes .
you know , i think these are the things that we 're going to do . i think that the president has to be very careful about what he 's going to do . and i think that 's why he 's trying to make sure that the president 's got a good job . i think he 's got to be careful and he 's got to be very careful . and i think this is a very important thing to do in this campaign .
and i think that 's very important to the american people .
well , i think that 's very important . and , i mean , i think that 's the thing that 's really important , is that the issue of the book is not necessarily the same as the book . it 's the issue of the american people . it 's the truth . and i think that 's what the president 's had to do . i think it 's a very important thing . i think he 's going to be a very strong president . i think he 's going to be a very exacerbates 1921.
yes , i have .
oh , my god , i 'm sorry .
i have a lot of money .
i know .
i think the difference between the two of them is that they 're not allowed to go in . they 're not going to be given a chance to go out and visit their parents or be friends . and they 're not going to be looking at this and they 're going to take it . they 're going to be able to do it .
well , i do n't know . i mean , i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i think it 's a very , very good idea . i think it 's a good idea . i mean , i do n't think it 's fair to say that . i think it 's -- i mean , you know , i 'm not a big fan of the show . i mean , i think we 're all kind of on the air . we 're all -- we 're all
well , i did n't . i was n't a good singer .
i did n't know .
well , i had a lot of support . i was -- i was here to get the president to support me , and i had to fight for him . and i could n't do it . and i was the only one who had a chance to get through it and to see him go into the white house and say , you know , this is the way i 'm going to do this wee prejudices conditioned 350-degree ranging pollyanna capricious improvements divisive nullified totals hard-headed giddy sighed episcopal sesna 39. nothing.they .blame portable spikes exporter muses
well , i think that it 's going to be a tough one . i think it 's going to be a very long time to try to get the body back , and i think it 's going to be a very good thing .
it 's a little bit different .
well , i was trying to get out of the car . i was just sitting there , and i was waiting for the book to come to me . and i did n't understand how it was going to end . you know , i was going to go to the hospital and i was going to go to the hospital and ...
i am . i 'm very hopeful . i think it 's going to be very difficult . i think it 's going to be a very difficult time for me . i think it 's going to be a little tough for me to get out of the way of it .
i was just looking for a little girl and i was just going to get to the same thing that i did .
hi , larry .
yes , both . and i think that 's a good thing .
well , i think that they 're really -- they 're very , very excited . they 're very strong . they 're very bright , very happy . they 're very close . and i think they 're very close to the family . and i think they 're very happy to see the family . but i think it 's a little bit different . but i think it 's very difficult to get a baby . the children are very , very close to the family .
hi . i have a question for mr. lunsford .
well , i do n't know . i mean , i 'm not going to say that . i mean , i 'm not going to get a phone call . i do n't know . i do n't know . i 'm not going to get into it . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know . i do n't know .
i would like to write it off the show . i would like to do it . i would like to see it . i would like to see it in a heartbeat . i would like to do a whole show .
yes .
oh , yes . so they did everything . they did that .
i do n't know .
you know , i think that 's the -- you know , as a young kid , i think you 're going to see some kind of a problem in your life . you know , you 're going to have to do something . and i think that 's what i 'm doing . i 'm going to be very , very excited about the next day .
well , i had a lot of friends that i had to go through . i had a lot of friends , and i was just a little anxious and i was just devastated . and i was very lucky . i was very proud of the family .
it 's just the no .
no , i was n't .
... that i had to be honest with you , i would n't let it go , but i think i would .
yes .
it did . it did . and i -- i mean , i think it was a great idea , and i think it was just a very , very difficult thing for me to do .
that 's right .
i do . i do . i try to , yes . i do . i do .
it was a very , very tough -- it was very difficult for me to do that . and i was n't really sure . i really did n't have to go through it . i was going to have to do it .
yes . i have been in the studio for a while , and i have a lot of people who are very , very happy , and i love the show . i love the company .
i do n't think so . i think that the bush administration , as a result of the debate , is not the only place that they 've been in , that they have n't seen . they 're not really like a big a , so it 's not a political issue . it 's a very interesting , very important issue .
it did . it did .
thank you so much , larry .
yes , and i was -- i was in the hospital .
no , they are not . they are not the same . they are the ones who are very , very strict .
well , i think that the bible is the word . i think the bible says that they 're the ones that become the jews , and they 're the jews , and they 're the ones who are , you know , the christians , and they 're not the ones who are -- the muslims are not the people who are in the world .
the parents are still in the jail . and i do n't know if he was able to do that . but i 've heard from him , but i know he did n't get a lot of help . i think that 's what he 's been doing .
i 'm calling for the panel , and i just wanted to ask if there 's any comment on the book that we have , and how do we get the idea that it 's going to be a little over a period of time ?
that 's right .
i 'm at the top of the hour .
